It was meant to shock the audience which is very cheap and unbelievably easy .
Preferably with the writers inside .
Slither is a horror comedy that does not really have enough horror or comedy to qualify as one or the other .
He makes it quite clear in an early scene that he used to be a chorus boy .
Read the book instead , it 's really worth it .
The scarecrow himself is quite a character .
The movie tells the story of two lovers whose musical careers are headed in opposite directions .
A parody should be funny and this one just is not .
Just because it 's our experience does not automatically make it a good film .
They immediately spill out tons of gunpowder all over the floor , not that this is significant in any way .
So , in the end , a generally horrid film , if seen from a critical point of view .
Sure , it stars off innocently enough .
The film is not entirely without merit .
Last but not the least , a lot of couples making love in the desert .
It looks like the director turned the camera on and then the whole crew went to lunch .
A young couple moves into a house , where a woman who looks like the woman from the couple lived .
Anyway , most of his actors could pretty much pass as literate .
Even ignoring that , the successful shuttle missions seem to not have been deemed of interest to the audience .
He made another crappy game into movie adaption .
Additionally , the film is not really realistic .
I saw this movie a few days ago and gamely jumped during the scary parts .
It 's really hard to find a movie that 's worse than this and that sort of puts it in a unique category .
But it comes to a point when enough is enough and it 's not really that funny anymore .
I completely wasted my time watching this film .
These shots look especially amateur .
For example , there 's a girl killed and her body dumped in a container .
I also think they could have made a much better ending for this movie .
I really like vampire movies and novels , and there are many out there that are very good .
This is one of the films we watched .
And we are not dealing with kind borrowing here , it 's a blatant robbery .
This picture started out with good intentions ,
We get to listen to nameless people ramble on about what quantum physics all means to them .
There is no power in the performance .
After a stupid accident in the countryside , they are brutally attacked .
Cheng is far too inexperienced as a director to pull it off .
And that pretty much wraps up the plot .
Historical and technical inaccuracies abound .
Dyer could not inject some humour and charm into this , but bless , he tried .
None of the policemen 's bullet touched him but he killed all the policemen .
This does not mean , however , that the director ca not achieve something with his next film .
For all the criticism the first half of the movie is not that bad ...
Just when you thought they did not make them so extremely bad anymore , along comes
This movie has a plot , but it is all evil from start to end .
I got no sense of that in this version .
I found this movie to be a great idea , that did not deliver .
Also , how dangerous martial law can be since at that point democracy ceases to exist .
The butler and the house boy are especially irritating .
With a rewrite , it could have been a great film .
Thankfully , she calmed down in the sequels , but not in this movie .
Good job , but still a fundamentally flimsy production .
One scene in particular involving a young woman and a goat must be seen to be believed .
Why not plunge him in all those years ago instead of imprisoning him anyway .
The plot and characters are never treated seriously ...
It 's a funny and sickening film , and it 's about as bad as you can get in terms of any movie .
Serve cold in a big , plain stone cauldron .
I 'm not joking , that 's exactly what it is .
The girls are all boy toy pushovers .
This film was slow and contained no atmosphere or suspense .
I would not imagine it would be possible to turn a brilliant book into this bad a movie .
Fire seemed to be a predominate theme throughout .
These movies are so expensive to produce .
But the effect on the viewer is to make you want to hurl skittles at the screen and storm out .
The budget was also pretty low here , and superheroes do not come cheap .
I also found the acting to be rather dead pan and the dialogue strained .
But it compensates with crackling dialogue and psychological tension .
If the close camera was not enough , the lack of light in the film killed it .
The directing is as cloying and melodramatic as the cheesy dialog .
I watched this show and i simply did not find it funny at all .
But sure , it let the makers stretch the ending a little more ...
The producers got a discount on volume fake entrails .
On the minus editing is very disjointing and has a hurl effect on the stomach .
It simply ends as if it 's a commercial break away from the rest of the movie .
The cinematography was pretty iffy with the whole movie .
I 'm getting really really tired of stuff like this .
Yes , it is rather a drama than a thriller or action , but it should not mean that it is dramatically powerful .
This film has nothing near what would happen in real life occurrences .
A lack of action scenes in a movie with as few ideas as this is a great failing .
I could probably go on but my energy 's been drained .
And this movie changes nothing about it .
The ending is absolutely indecipherable .
He releases a few fellow inmates and breaks out of the prison in a spaceship .
Tells the story from just one point of view .
I would say this was an experiment that really did not work .
Let 's not talk about how nobody cuts themselves or at the very least slips .
The visual style is very flat and dull , although there is some really nice editing once in a while .
Well , there is a lot of nudity involved , but it 's nothing particular .
Erroll justifies his actions by bringing up these deviants ' pasts .
Which , of course , is followed by a disturbing high five .
The end , however , jumped at me with a sudden surprise .
The cops in the movie are the most stupid to have graced a serial killer film in a long time .
The story is about a butcher killing people all the time in metro .
They 're always talking about fixing her up .
I am a huge fan of the war genre , and this movie is crap .
Nothing to see here , keep moving ...
The songs were boring and ai not the kind of song you want to listen to in your car , full volume .
But with new worlds come ancient evils ... the vampires of space .
Now we get to the completely unrealistic scene at the end ...
It 's not even worth downloading from the internet .
He dude , it s good to finally see your 've stopped dating those black chicks .
At times , it seemed like she was just reading her lines that had just been given to her .
This girl is tall and willowy , and can act .
The cast playing these kids do not rise above their clichés .
Things just happen and the viewer is barely interested .
Geewiz .. did not see any of that coming ...
This unpleasant film has little to recommend it .
First of all , the big named actors must need the money ...
Like , give yourself papercuts , or eat dirt .
He obviously wanted to branch out into different uncharted territory .
All or even some of the questions about his past that we wondered about in the original could 've been answered .
At least that one looked somewhat frightening .
It was not that they were uncomfortable on camera .
The fact that he comes from rich parents reinforces that belief .
There are very few , if any , light moments .
If you see this anywhere , try to dodge it .
The black and white also was not crisp .
The army needs war lovers , they are the bulwark of defense against our enemies .
He does not know what he wants , or what he is .
It jumped everywhere without going anywhere .
It 's interesting only if you hope to psychoanalyze the director .
Neither does the uneven level of performances .
Hero is immune to bullets , everyone else falls over rather clumsily .
Hawkins bores us all to death in the map room area .
Which in all credit they do to the best of their ability .
Sometimes it s just pokey to get to the climax .
We never get to see these underdogs doing badly as the good player is training them .
It s nice to imagine what it could have been like with decent funding .
The film strives to be funny , in a morose sort of way , but the humor is forced and artificial .
The costumes look completely atrocious , like multi colored spandex that people wear to go to the gym .
We enjoyed the movie mostly for unintentional comedic value .
The only good part was the biker chick that saves the day .
He really pushed all boundaries by not showing any killing actually happening .
Multiple violations of the civic code .
I feel like there was no dedication to the characters as much as there was on the stories .
Also , the gore is not that abundant and when it happens it 's truly bad .
It will surely flop after a few days and word gets out .
The impressive screenwriting acrobatics can not overcome the bad filmmaking .
The het couple really do not have much of a role in the film .
They frequently mention that if it were not for the money , they 'd hang it up .
Those bazookas need serious site calibration .
I have not even seen the third one yet .
He also treats his mother with no respect .
You do not have to pretend to like it .
The film has no liner storyline , instead unfolding in a series of vignettes that leave the audience jumbled .
It 's not too emotional for a drama , not too gripping for a thriller , not too fast for an action .
I had not read extensively about it , certainly not even thought about the movie in some months .
And the other explosions are also laughable .
Her dramatic success only serves to emphasize his decline .
It will clue you in and what you 're supposed to feel .
Billy does not seem to be an actor anymore .
They move to a country house to flee their past and guess what ... the house is haunted , kind of .
The useless women are out of his view , but he is always keeping in touch with the pretty and the usefull women .
Hagar and co. are everything but politically correct in the book , so why should we see that in the film version .
What little life this one might have had , the directing finished off .
Real men do not ignore the value and needs of their wives .
He left his family behind to only reappear and begin paying off his debts .
I really do not know why it was so horribly rushed , but they do sleep together .
Tomatoes kill people , the government tries to stop it , bad jokes are told .
Religion does not have anything to do with it , but common sense does .
It 's true , but pitiful at the same time .
That said , the characters were acted with conviction by the actors .
Emotionally is bleak for bleak 's sake and attempts to be a psychological thriller when it is just confusing .
I think he sic 's the cobweb creatures on our heroes and impersonates
Basinger is there , not doing much .
The house in fundamental to the story , but the movie unjustly relegates it to a mere backdrop .
The other woman , one of the star crossed lovers , has the power of a hypnotic stare .
It is usually educational , funny , and bright .
The kids might like this , but personally it is just too cheesy .
I do not know how reliable the flick is .
The girl says the slap did not hurt , that it felt like a kiss .
Horror movies are an acquired taste .
I ca not understand why so many known actors even thought the idea to even be visible in a movie like this .
The film was obviously intended not to be taken too seriously .
It does not take much for me to watch a movie in one sitting .
After reanimating the head , he goes and picks up a bunch of hookers .
Fortuneately , the film turned out to be fake .
When three quarters of the crowd walks out of the theater halfway through , you know the movie is sinking fast .
The acting was mediocre at best and at times hard to watch .
Cos he dyed his hair blonde and became a surfer dude to get acting gigs .
Superdome is one of those movies that makes you wonder why it was made .
She gets baked inside a giant cake .
I could go on , but i think this is enough .
The first part of the script has the makings of a good movie .
Not surprisingly , cheesy science fiction does not appeal to them quite as much ...
But the scientist is adamant and really believes that the messages are coming from and going to that convent .
You 'd think it 'd be hard to mess up a simple monster movie s bad as this but , well they did .
Half digested fish could have made a better film with matchsticks and dayglo lipstick .
She even repeats practically all her old lines .
Then , my friends tell me of this physics movie they want to see .
Sebastian changed very suddenly , and this
The locations are great , the effects and action are weak .
Connery obviously had to make a mortgage payment or something .
The meteor heats the lake , turning it into a giant incubator .
Or for that matter , among potential audiences .
The group of jackasses who made this film talk about it as if it is this really original story .
One 's a successful plastic surgeon , while the other your dutiful , obedient , and beautiful teenage daughter .
Townsend the most are his brief , attempt to be funny , interruptions throughout the film .
Not only was it a remake of a classic horror film , but it was pretty damned good too .
They are sometimes just as unjustified and just as motivated to seize control of a home as it is here .
I sat through almost one episode of this series and just could not take anymore .
I sat through almost one episode of this series and just could not take anymore .
A grown woman kissed a kid in the lips .
You wait all through the weakness of this movie for the big payoff or even any payoff ...
By the film 's end , you do not know why the girl was murdered .
You know a movie is headed for the toilet when the lead can not act .
The director attempted to add a bit of humor in the movie which fail .
She goes from crying to seducing him , and he lets it happen with obvious results ...
Worth seeing though far below what it could have been .
The plot is predictable , and sometimes you actually feel like you 're watching a school play .
The movie starts out with a guy beating another guy to death .
Everything about this project says , low budget .
Mainly because the film does deserve some good buzz ... with the opening sequence being a highlight .
The biggest weakness is just a convoluted plot that , when all is said and done , leaves incredible questions .
As a very hardcore horror fan , this one turned my stomach .
Even the mecha and alien fights did not help at all .
All in all why do they pump these out .
I watched this video at a friend 's house .
It will sit on the shelf and look at me from time to time .
It 's sad that kids are performing that young ...
Literally , everything about it sucks .
Taboo for the sake of taboo is not interesting .
I think this movie could actually cause severe brain damage .
The plot twists towards the end feel very deus ex machina .
If comedy is your thing , watch away .
What we saw were pigs being shot and then slaughtered , human birth , branding .
No memorable songs came out of this .
You could just stare to the television as well , without really seeing anything .
He was not live on earth , t is none of his business about the things happened here .
Some of the plots are too fictional and could hardly take place in the real world .
I hope she becomes big , and make this .. thing at least worth something .
Characters personalities seem to wildly vary at random .
Second , the plot is just non sense .
Nothing about the movie made me the least bit on edge , frightened , or curious .
I would rather watch them over the latest blockbuster .
I was especially creeped out when he appeared in the bedrooms of his guests when they were sleeping .
You learn that your story should have a protagonist and an antagonist and that there should be a climax .
Here we go with other slasher movie ,
None of the performances make it worth watching either .
It was almost like watching a book .
We just get a quick little sketch on suicide , and it only makes you wonder what the point is .
It turns out it 's just a bill of poor goods .
It started pretty well , but soon devolved into being silly and stupid .
One of the those coming of age films that should have nostalgia for adults and promise for the kids .
It gets slightly better from there , but not much .
Kinda in the way that watching this movie is not .
The military has decided to monitor the area , and all of these people turn up missing .
Blair is inert and the short haircut a crime .
Even small parts of the cartoon are not spared in this butchering .
Costumes and clothing well done , as is some of the set direction .
The characters , with all their virtues and flaws , are near and dear to my heart .
The shallow , tragic and dark story is actually a black humor comedy of bad taste .
It s time for the institution to get new drapes for the library windows .
Son , she played a girl who with a few adjustments could have been turned into this one .
Lame jokes abound , and every punch line is well telegraphed .
As a result it merely ends up sensationalising the results of these problems .
I got upset when they showed the previews and they did not have the correct phrase .
I found it maudlin , mawkish and minor .
Horus will not become immortal , but , big deal , he is a bad guy .
The jarring workers scene at the conclusion goes on for too long and is a jarring intrusion where none is needed .
The zombies also take a long time to make their appearance .
Even if it is done in a comedic fashion .
Not recommended to any but the absolute horror completist .
You remember them and want to sing them .
They are not brave or loyal , they are cowardly and evil .
All the talk centers on whining about some guy , and then whining to some guy .
If you took the actual film , dipped it in paint thinner , then watched it , it would be more entertaining .
If you took the actual film , dipped it in paint thinner , then watched it , it would be more entertaining .
It 's like nails on a chalkboard bad .
He also forgot to add jokes and a few other things that would have made this film work better .
You never really believed anything the supporting actors said though .
There was a lot of trouble during the filming of this movie .
You should write it down in case you forget .
I do not mind changes if they help a story flow on screen .
Also , the effects are subpar and in many cases sloppy , and the death scenes are often just downright stupid .
The city was not very well designed .
Most of the comedy seems forced for shock value .
But the paranoia is there and feeling out of joint also .
Also the most unconvincing military comedy ever .
The theatre administration returned my money , but the time waisted and aggravation remained .
They are talking , with pride , about all the murders they have committed and chant .
Freshman film students without a camera could craft something more interesting .
The gimmick this time is that the gangstas are wearing drag .
She at times either sang too high or did not keep track for the melody in the song .
A lot of times these people were telling him ways to kill himself like they were urging him to do it .
There is no cinematography to speak of and there 's countless editing blunders .
But the third act is wretched beyond belief .
The movie has a few laughs , but it 's nothing special .
This is a movie that demonstrates that mood and music and texture are not enough to make a good film .
All would have deserved a better story .
Do not get me started with the dead child .
My mother keeps a cassette of this film as a general threat to any film loving person who annoys her .
The fearless writer ca not open the door , etc .
I felt that this plot lacked imagination .
There 's a good movie here somewhere trying to get out .
Reynaud 's character is a maneater who eventually kills her lovers in some sort of trance .
Unfortunately , no matter where or how you see that film the sound score will be the same .
I even had some interest in actually seeing what happened .
Some of these acts did not make a big splash on this side of the pond , but a lot of them did .
This would be a good movie for the eight to fifteen year old movie goers .
It 's a struggle for your minds and your wallets .
In case you 're exclusively looking for filthy gore and gratuitous nudity ... this is your film .
First , it considers it illogical behavior .
He was also ably assisted by some genuinely talented actors .
So tops here are demonic trouts and overacting .
According to at least one biographer , this was where he became acquainted with cocaine .
Even more important , this act is preceded by a fine
This script is ... well , not so hot .
That would certainly be enough for one film .
Too bad it is a castle built on sand .
It was incredibly choppy and often inane .
This seems to go on forever , but at least it brings some semblance of normality back to the film .
The producers of this film could be sued in a court of law if they try to sell it as a motion picture .
Although it is not trying to be funny .
For some reason the director was unable to make the haunted house particularly ominous .
I ca not believe a film like this would ever be made .
A guy in a mask kidnaps people who are connected and forces them to figure it out .
The swimming scene is very brief , discreetly photographed , and not worth all the heat it apparently generated .
The group of cannibal tribe 's men look caucasin .
Ambient noise is kept to a minimum and barely a word is spoken .
The music in this is alright , but there 's little of it , and most of it is pretty let 's get this over with
Instead we were forced to watch fictitious characters that never developed into anyone we cared about .
I had hoped this movie was going to be mildly entertaining , like other sorts of its genre .
It 's just not what we 've been tyold it was going to be .
Otherwise he 's as helpless as the character he plays .
This movie only contains the latter kind .
The plot could be a lot thicker than it actually is and would be better made as a blockbuster type movie .
Congratulations , producers , you 've met your target market .
Secondly in that day and age women especially black women were not prone to be carrying and or using guns .
The performances were bad by most of the cast ...
I am a loyal fan of his , but this has made me question him .
There are some laugh out loud moments .
But they should have given him some decent musicals .
This movie did not ring true for me .
Too bad the rest of the movie does not do justice to some otherwise fine touches .
I really pity anybody who spent money making this film or to watch it .
Nothing like some simulated cunnilingus to get the juices flowing .
But this film , it is something else .
Watch at your own risk , and do not say you have not been warned .
Quantum theory supports the ideas in eastern religions that reality is an illusion .
Walking along endlessly as if that had some deep meaning .
This movie serves as a timely warning to anyone who thinks they can both write and direct their own movie .
There 's the evil guy with spiked white hair .
But , they did not , and the audience wo not .
Who woulda thought they could swith places like that and almost get away with it .
We are thrown into a romance so fast that it 's over before you can blink an eye .
This a stupid collection of cuts for stupid people .
He looks more like a sexual frustrated predator than the true predator of the movie .
The lighting was too dark in places .
The editing is so sloppy , it beggars description .
She finally decides to go to a cemetary and dig up his grave to see if he 's still there .
The writing , the voice acting , even the claymation .
You are almost convinced the actual war did not even last that long .
The obsessive presence of the heroine 's pain seems to be meant as a guarantee of aesthetic transcendence .
Sure you have the occasional topless dancing but who cares when everyone is boring anyway .
It was not thought out well , and seemed very choppy and incoherent at times .
Test , your 'e just lying to yourselves .
The acting , on the other hand , was really the only thing that kept my interest during this mixed up picture .
There are also a few secondary characters who come across as slightly cliché and stereotypically racist .
This was a meaningless attempt at an awesome twist .
Utterly painful from start to finish .
Also too much background noise got through .
Tree 's education is about things like the circle of life and how you should look at a star to help you .
I guess it 's the whole all this horror around us , we have each other to cling to type thing , or whatever .
Alas , it does not and the audience is left holding the bag .
Out of place with the campiness is the extreme gore and graphic sex of the show .
I saw this bomb when it hit theaters .
It spent two hours painting a beautifule scene and failed to ever place any activity in it .
The penguins who live with them in an icy ocean , hate them because they are cowards .
There 's no poetry , no sense of tangible space in his films .
A lot of people seemed to like it too .
He simply is not convincing in his role .
This film is miles and miles away from the first on every front .
The characters in this film are thouroughly unlikable .
Fever or some other decent horror movie .
Your first clue that this is a cheesy movie is that it was shot on video , not film .
This film ... it had potential it really did .
But those were the only giggles the movie got .
This is one fatally inhibited actress .
Many shots are taken by cameras attached to the ceiling .
At any rate , you might find it useful to hear the film described from another point of view .
And so he exhausts stereotypes and we are left with rushed testimonies and very loaded dialogs .
The villain of the piece is another woman , the saloon owner .
Both the dialogs and the acting make the film not really worth seeing it .
This movie is so horrible that it is not even funny to watch as a goof on the excesses of the hippie drone .
London was part of the cause not a prophet crying in the wilderness .
The final result is just a movie without suspense or gritting moments .
The plot and the characters are perfunctory .
The story also loses in its meaning and substances to tenderly win the audiences ' hearts .
There are a few decent actors in the flick .
George wisely underplayed his role , so it came off without damage to the actor .
This movie does not depict ' reality ' , it shows nothing but phoniness to prove a point .
It tries to create that feel of emergency and people helping .
But there 's something to be said for the sets .
Now let me tell you about the major plot .
With this major void looming at the center of the movie , we 're left to ponder the implausiblities of the story .
The initial event was an clumsy and obvious ploy to exploit most people 's adoration of kids .
Two policemen comes to the hospital so as to investigate the suicide .
The story , while not exactly original , certainly showed some promise .
Words can not describe how idiotic it is .
I would have given this a zero had that been an option on the rating scale .
The story could have been great , but the movie just seemed to drag on .
The interviews are not very interesting and no real insight is offered .
Maybe you can make something of her .
There are no spoilers in this review .
If so , you must be a member of said cult .
That however would have been exciting and apparently against this movies covenant .
More like an execution rather than a torture .
Ohhh the band played on while the ship sank ..
I could have told you the ending of this movie by the first act .
The deadpan way she tries to deliver her lines is just dead on arrival because she 's just not funny .
To simply cut and paste his work onto the small screen .
Movies were actually starting to get entertaining and funny , as opposed to long , dark , depressing and boring .
There 's a lot of talent involved here .
A lot of the supporting actors in this movie looked authentic , but the shooting scenes were a joke .
This is the right movie for her ... too bad she 's completely out role .
Some stuff happens , some more stuff happens and occasionally one scene might be tangentially related to another .
The actors did a decent job , especially given the garbage lines and motivation they had to work with .
The cast sleepwalks its way through the thing with no one really looking good .
The acting was similar to watching grass dry .
It 's just that it was all laid on with a trowel .
I ca nt get into these movies where the main character is a sad idiot .
The comedy too is not needed in a strong subject film like this .
A process he calls morphosynthesis , but at the same time he warns
I might have been a bit disturbed by it , thinking it was real .
This also means that you can feel free to start from the middle then go back to the beginning , etc .
The main guy should have known in the first minute that the doctor was nuttier than the patients .
Lance knows he is in an old man 's body , and does things old men would not normally do .
So go for some laughs , or go for some gore , but do not go hoping to come out of it satisfied .
I watched this movie last night and was a bit disappointed .
Then we get one of the most irritating final shots ever committed to film .
As a matter of fact , the making of was better than the movie .
We get a hip heroine but not a hip movie .
The second involves a man on the run after stealing a large amount of money .
One old woman wants to have her drapes put over them , but a lot of the patients want to make their own .
Between the skirmishes , there were songs about loneliness , lovesickness and related stuff .
He goes from person to person , trying to fill his deep void .
The movie is not about a burnout about to commit suicide in a last act of defiance .
The part of the male lead is not well written and seems uncharismatic in this role .
The characters were stupid as well .
I love films that are so bad they 're good .
I watched it twice and still have no idea what is was about .
I have to be one of the maybe twenty people who saw this movie in the theater .
The said possessed friend goes on a killing spree .
It was quite clever how it was modernised and it was working .
The story lacked all criteria for a movie .
This is not entertainment ... this is hell .
Fahey plays the main bad guy in this installment .
Alex must do what 's right even if it goes against what he believes ...
If you doubt me , please look at my other reviews .
Please do not watch this film because ...
When he says to the young kid that he would let nobody do harm to him , some welcome tenderness emerges .
If you 've seen this movie and disliked it , try the book .
He 's a completely passive character .
He is a kind of bad showman who can make you feel sick ...
I admit to having been a fan of the original stage production .
Pintilie should stop making movies .
Pintilie should stop making movies .
He was very good as the bad guy even though he did not have a lot to work with .
It 's not like anyone else is interested .
This is is a thoroughly unpleasant , if slickly made , movie .
The two women clearly are not enjoying acting out their scene together , and make a poor effort to disguise it .
It 's a silly story about super bowl betting .
They had to know this movie was bombing even as they were filming it .
I 'm nearly certain this was a stopping point for two types of actors .
It has a hero that not only puts himself to sleep , but also his audience .
One more of extremely unprofessional movies about computer programmers .
The inevitable ending left me particularly unmoved .
I wish every movie with her could end with a fatal car crash , or even better , start with one .
His mother had a nervous breakdown .
So now we have a futuristic action movie with poor action , and virtually no sign of the future .
I was understandably a little cautious .
You might try to watch it as something to laugh at , but it 's so bad that it is not even funny in that way .
Perhaps somebody should start a revolution about that .
All do well with the scripts they were given .
At times it seemed the filmmaker was adding psychotic elements to the film .
Seriously , the fact that this show is so popular just boggles the mind .
The mother , who is he main character , is everything but motherly .
It 's probably just something an unintelligent zombie movie fan such as myself would not understand .
The script , in and of itself , features some surprisingly bad writing .
Truly shows that hype is not everything .
It 's worth noting because that 's symbolic of how the cause here fails to inspire any real passion in the music .
Something that really hurt this movie was the timing , which ruined some of what might have been good jokes .
But this is nowhere near up to standard .
Medellin is a fabulous place to live , work , and study .
Ron 's brother in law to be is not so happy .
Basinger 's character goes in to buy a cup of tea and some packaging paper .
First off , just because a film is made on a small budget does not automatically make it good nor endearing .
This movie makes absolutely no sense at all ...
The demise of the creatures is equally ill thought out as there killed by a mass attack of household cats .
The area is beautiful in the summer and no gloomier in the winter rain than anywhere else .
The problem , as usual , resides in the story itself .
The strident background music does not help and distracts from any lucid moment .
Or at the very least , watch it muted .
Many of the actors in this movie are so much better than this .
I 'm not sure she had that much raw material to work with .
This in my opinion is of least quality .
Justifiably , he is the big star of this film .
But , in the context of the film , this is not a voyeur 's fantasy position at all .
Not even worth seeing if someone else rents it .
She is pronounced dead and taken away by undertakers .
It might have been so based on the script , but the direction 's slow pace makes it difficult to get into .
The script needed a lot more time to age .
Critics who knew nothing of video games could spot the gaming errors made .
The problem is , they pretty much make cameo appearances ...
If so , he should have stuck to baseball .
But lets face it , the twisting and cheesing ending was a bit too much for me .
It 's a real shame , though , as this could have been a very good film .
All the movie 's atmosphere is lost with dubbing leaving the slow frustration of a stalker movie .
All three films have a chilly feel , both emotionally and literally .
They also use rifles that were not used at the time .
She had a responsibility to her students that she did not live up to .
Everything is drawn out with a guy standing ringing a door bell .
You wo not because there are not any .
If they can aim and fire a gun you might as well make nice with them .
Three young women are going to a concert , so they get lost traveling through the woods , and hit a tree trunk .
This is a really good movie if you are suicidal .
I expected a bad movie , and got a bad movie .
It s just kind of a boy meets girl movie .
Living on the dole is just about like a summer vacation from school ...
I ca nt even believe these people are considered actors .
Technically , the film is not without merit .
The matrix moves ruined the action , you know that it was absolutely fake .
The bits where we see her breasts were , in the first one , delights .
The movie is filled with stupid director 's choices .
But the movie could have been improved if it were directed and played without them .
Needless to say something goes wrong and he winds up looking like a rat .
I had the displeasure of watching this movie with my girlfriend , who , like me , is a fan of the first .
Then , suddenly , total peace and silence .
So all we 're left to ponder is the hows and the whys , and the answers provided are not all that interesting .
Southern , abused by her father , raped , etc .
However , because they cancel each other out , you end up with nothing .
Because the pathetic comedy will make you cry only .
There 's just one hot sex scene in a rooftop but that 's it .
He should learn to adapt to new discipline .
Geez , at least turn the wheel or put the brakes on once in a while .
You might say that too , but you 'd be wrong .
Which i do not quite mind cause it would probably be just as underdeveloped as the rest of the movie .
The condition of those scenes chopped in , is shaky and scenes themselves seemed to have deteriorated over time .
The condition of those scenes chopped in , is shaky and scenes themselves seemed to have deteriorated over time .
Nothing was exceptional or even very good about this movie .
In the parking lot she runs afoul of the most ludicrous gang in the history of films .
A lot of the stuff she did did not make sense .
This is not a good movie in any way under any name .
I thoroughly disliked the book from which this was taken but did read it all .
Because of this , movie studios tend to avoid releasing bigger budgeted films that weekend .
I 'm a sucker for good action movies , but the action was horribly done .
I did not even cry when she got sick , never occured to me to even feel sad .
Hallam swiftly interrupts , asserting his presence in the household .
Not one thing is funny about this movie .
Rarely has such an amazing cast been wasted so badly .
The actual killings are not very gory , so this video nastie is not really nasty .
But within the first half an hour , we knew that this is a disaster .
In conclusion , this film is immoral , fascistic , degrading to women and frankly , disturbing .
If it had been done right in the beginning with sources from the book , it could have been a very cool classic .
To put it bluntly , it 's as if a dung monster defecated , ate the result , and then vomited .
Four out of the five people that saw the film with me would not recommend the film .
The entire cast of characters , and quality animation .
I hope everyone got paid who worked on this thing .
But seriously , this woman has got not the least bit of journalist in her .
Someone screwed up in the casting job .
If you think the plot is melodramatic and didactic , do not ask about detail .
The principal does not agree with her teaching but she is pretty .
Benvolio was unfeeling and mercilessly choppy with his lines .
This movie was confusing in most spots , choppy in almost every spot and dreadful in all spots .
There is no strong hold on any of these stories .
One might better spend one 's time staring out a window at a tree growing .
And she then decides to run away , and she becomes a mermaid .
There is no plot , you ca not argue with that .
It shows with the better way that the cinema can constitute body of propaganda .
The prequels were shallow attempts to make more money , and this lack of love shows in spades .
There are some shock factors though , and a couple of gross scenes .
How they got her to agree to this project remains a mystery .
However , we do not know whether to sympathize with her or condemn her .
None of the gags really hits the point .
Showing us a skeleton in the lab lit with a green light is just not scary .
The actors could probably have done a decent job if it were not for the questionable scripting .
The little girl , exclaims with bad acting .
We get loads of zombies yearning for human flesh .
The only real surprise in the movie is the big names they convinced to do it .
In fact , you could probably make up better yourself after watching these .
And then he gets run over by a truck .
That does not mean it has no action , but look on the dark side of the picture .
For many years science fiction languished in the basement of literature .
This made me notice the myriad of discrepancies in the movie from what camp life is really like .
All spelt out for you , not instinctive , not passionate .
He feels it can be bent , it can change , it can mutate , and maybe even disappear .
How is it possible that a movie this bad can be made .
If you have read the book , there are zero surprises , no changes , no altering of scenes or characters .
I wanted to be princess of the beehive , instead .
It 's truly stupid how the news anchor expresses her sadness towards the plane crash .
After all , only one reporter is even interested .
In the scenes that she are in , she is just a zombie .
Otherwise , you are liable to forget where you left it by the time it 's over .
You were not let in on what happened or why .
There 's a guy who 's hired by the governement to try and stop the menace of tomatoes .
I practically ignored the second half of this .
The actors smoke constantly and we see ads for beer beverages .
A completely false and phony depiction .
When all is said and done , this movie was better left on the cutting room floor , or never funded at all .
It 's completely misdirected and totally inane .
Terribly acted , directed , written , etc etc. all the way down to the gofer how gets lunch for everyone .
After she catches up with them to get her dog , the cabbie cruises away and abandons her .
But , lets face it ... it got a few nostalgic sighs out of me .
Anyway this was such a campy movie .
But it does not happen at all until far into the film .
Clumsy scene follows clumsy scene and we have no idea where we are in the story or how much time is passing .
They showed some talent and it is sad they did not go on to star in more and better films .
Even the cars ca not make up for this fluke of a movie .
Do not buy it , do not rent it , do not touch it with a ten foot pole .
Chase ends up tagging along for convenience 's sake , and as an obvious love interest angle .
She seems to be acting in some kind of vacuum , detached from all the other actors in the movie .
This is the prime example of low budget , winning over what would be a good story line .
I mean it just ... ends in a snore .
Either of these would have allowed the crew to devote more time to the actual mystery .
Instead of this , the movie goes on several other stories without succeeding in following the main plot .
Instead of this , the movie goes on several other stories without succeeding in following the main plot .
The guy who wrote the entry must be completely out of his mind .
After some sofcore sexual shenanigans the girls get decapitated one by one .
Does wonders for possible broken ribs or concussion .
The scenery was nice and the music ridiculous .
The guys suggest giving the dog laxatives to help him poop it out .
All of the thousands of extras in the movie had exactly the same skin color ...
Third problem , the special effects .
I would not recommend this film to anyone even the very young .
His first move is to attempt drowning her , until his mafia don benefactor tells him to knock it off .
I do not know why this movie was made .
That 's hardly profitable for such a big and risky undertaking .
I wish they would have went more down those lines , rather than what they did here .
What ultimately goes wrong here in this movie is that the storyline swirls like a drunk bum on speed .
As a mother of four kids , it is nice to watch something that was light and amusing .
Do not get me wrong , love bad monster movies .
Maybe it was the name , maybe it was the way poster looked , i do not know .
There was rock and opera during what is supposed to be suspenseful scenes .
Jesus is only responsible when he wins .
But , as luck would have it , the things they share are their worst characteristics .
Comedylooser of the last decade who wants to get back on stage .
One of these silly voice overs tells us .
She is adequate doing so , but is simply not strong enough an actress to pull all of this off without help .
Jane is a silly comic strip to titillate without being sleazy .
In this movie the plot is highly uninteresting and it is extremely badly thought out .
It just falls short over and over again .
Taylor could be cast as the aunt or mother of one of them .
She does not have a lot to do with the story , which is pretty convoluted to begin with .
But even so , do not see this movie .
I guarantee that you will be like me begging for this movie to be over .
The character may have had some appeal , but it does not anymore .
We were howling with laughter , as were several other warped members of the audience .
Underworld , they 're all about some super star fighting the vampires .
That , and all that stupid bickering between the characters .
Picture this , if you had the power to be invisible ..
This movie was two and a quarter excruciating hours .
He ends up giving a long monologue towards the end .
As the cliche goes nowadays , if you 're going to see one movie this year , make sure it 's not this one .
There is very few good things to say about this film , truly it is awful .
The casting was poor because there were good actors mixed in with crumby actors .
It seemed to be included only to titillate the viewers .
You need to sit through a hundred movies to come across one this bad .
Cinderella should 've ended with , and they lived happily ever after .
So it all looks good up to actually making it .
The synopsis in the festival guide sounded pretty good so we decided to check this one out .
If you want to film trash like this keep it to yourself .
But the movie itself did not do it for me .
But it seemed to me like they were just doing it for the fun of doing it .
I still do not really know or care .
All the blood and gore is cheesy and the film never takes off with greatness but instead stoops to low levels .
Dean and others , are too old for their parts .
This film aka the four hundred blows is a mistranslation .
In places , it was as if the film had two story lines that really seemed to have little in common .
I found very disturbing and unreal .
Well ... let 's talk about something else .
The dubbed voice sounded like a man with a frog in his throat and was quite comical .
At least that would have been more exciting .
This movie must have been big because a couple of sequels soon followed .
Her frailty is oversold ... she 's irritating in the extreme .
This one is so awful it 's fun to watch and laugh .
Even though they does not seem to be drunk , they give the impression of being mentally disabled .
But yes , some of the stories did have a lot of promise .
At least the film never took itself seriously .
We get screaming , spewing , bleeding , running , cursing , body fluids and so on .
They have morals , they are not killing machines , they do not all do drugs .
I was hooked just to know how it could get any worse .
Pitt has , singlehandedly , redefined the concept .
No one mentions the system of taxation within that particular social strata .
Sadly his inspiration has deserted him this time .
It did have some interesting images but these often seemed random and made no sense .
I 've never seen a movie with this many bad performances .
A dog with a handycam tied to its tail could have churned out better .
Then take normal human characters and make a yentl remake .
Well filmed and acted even though the story is a bit forced , yet the slow pacing really sets off the conclusion .
Tarzan looking guy has a fight scene .
It radiates with all the suspense of a badly orchestrated pro wrestling match .
During the movie it appears that he has some troubles with his daughter .
This movie just makes you hate the bad guys instead of capturing the audience .
Unhinged only grasps one part of this concept .
I 'm very upset with myself for paying money to see this .
The acting is horrible but it 's what makes the movie so funny .
Any most if it is not offensive to anybody but the most prudish or politically correct .
Film students should take this as a lesson and a warning .
It 's full of bad digital overlays and really cheesy sounding secret agencies and villains .
They teach him the arts of bug eating and belching contests .
We have a character who is unlikable .
And the two cardinal sins of any bad movie carried from start to finish .
Probably a movie marketing scam , this flick is a stylish shoot with a good cast and little else going for it .
It was utter pain to sit and watch .
What it is most like is dog poop on the bottom of your shoe .
One reason could be problems designing ' the house ' .
I hope whoever coached these losers on their accents was fired .
And yes , the music score mostly resembled whale sounds .
The problem is the role of the characters in the film .
The script had loopholes , the editing was untidy quite a few times .
That whole concept is full of fallacies .
The excuse , hey , it s for kids , is bull .
He then flees to a nearby airfield , steals a small private plane and flies out to the desert .
Your characters must have a motivation .
Very low budget and shot entirely in the dark .
Under his younger years he was a charismatic person whom manipulated people through his charms .
One or two zombies had slightly more complex make up , but it still was not good enough to impress .
The story itself is , on the face of it , pretty nonsensical .
Bullet was probably diverted by a lamp post or something .
The story does not grab your attention .
I 've been told that the films following this one are getting better and better .
Therefore , it should be elaborated with more care .
Then she acts surprised when her uncle stands up and starts walking over to her as if he 's going to harm her .
They were all just doing their thing , running parallel to the main character .
The story has a level of ambiguity that can not escape the viewer .
Then of course the never ending falling while running away trick , that really made it look bad .
I like the cast pretty much however the story sort of unfolds rather slowly .
Yes , it seems that the most of what we learn comes from cameras , interviews and reporters .
If you are looking for a slow moving movie with little to no plot then this is the right movie for you .
Had that same scraggly echoing thing going on .
I stress the word little since this is a very low budget flick , and there in lies its main weakness .
Do not get me started on the science factor .
It 's also predictable but not in a good way .
This movie has an almost unique feature of being both utterly repellent and totally boring .
This thing took three years to be released and then , audiences gave it the bad reception it richly deserved .
I am surprised , how much truthful can be film directors in a pursuit of cheap propagation .
Needless to say , the atrocious act kills the whole entertainment aspect of this film for me .
Hmm ... something tells me she 's not welcome .
But there are also some ridiculous questions that come along with it .
There are many , many scenes of his character , who is a race car driver , just staring at the camera .
Dillinger pulls out his gun and is blown to hell .
Well , in the deleted scene version , the mutant killer pulls out mile after mile after mile of intestines .
That 's another galling thing about this film .
To rein in any kudos , a major twist had to be delivered along the way and here it fails palpably too .
They could have been in an accident .
The good cast deserved a better material to work .
And this is just a taste of the incompetence on display here .
Which i understand the if there is nothing wrong with it leave it the way it was .
However it s not all that engaging , even with its occult and supernatural edge .
Probably the best of the numerous sequels greenlighted , but that 's not exactly an endorsement .
It could not be more off in it 's boasting .
The trio decides to dump and burn the corpses in a garbage landfill , but along the night other tragedies happen .
This is actually a pretty bad film .
With all of the gunfire , you would think the police would have intervened .
Wowzors , this movie made me want to cream my pants so bad .
In summary , this movie could very well make a claim to being the worst film released in recent times .
Long drawn out movie which totally ruins any substance in the movie .
Even his trademark gore is gone , bar one scene in an operating theatre .
I 've personally seen better acting in soap operas , it is so pitiful that you just have to laugh .
So the kid crashes in a lake and survives .
However , the main thing is that he does act eighteen very convincingly .
No one in the movie can actually act including the head .
But do not package something up in a familiar wrapper and change the innards .
I 've seen better effects than this in murder reconstruction documentaries .
Once you got the appeal , then the story is the next thing we concentrate on .
If some one even hints you should watch it , kill them .
Moore however , shows none a surprise by participating in this film , if one looks at her tracklist .
Only because it came out so long ago is it largely forgotten .
He acts like a prissy show girl with a thousand tricks up his sleeve .
However this is also where the movie is let down .
The film must have been made on a very low budget , because the lighting was non existent .
Too many missing characters , no romantic scenes , changes in story line , too short , appeared low budget .
If you want to be grossed out , or tell your friends about a really messed up film , then this is for you .
The book gives you a better development of the characters .
The screenwriter seems to be trying to portray the believers as crazy , as well .
The story is sorta interesting but flat .
Well one out of two is nt that bad .
So lots of crap that could be entertaining , but none of it is .
From that point , we only wait until she starts having crises .
There were a few amusing moments , but the overall tone of the movie was grim , bizarre , and nasty .
They probably should have called this movie
One could only hope the ending is of more intelligence than what i saw in the first half .
They must have been planted by people with ties to the film .
I could not dislike this show more , it 's terrible and should be canceled .
A movie 's rating should not depend on .. ,
The deaths are linked to the presence of a little girl who was there when the deaths took place .
Of course , not that you are missing much .
Even his rimless glasses are becoming .
Engaging in a bar brawl is another .
This really ca not be said about this movie .
Lipstick is another glossy movie failure .
Some of the scenes of violence are unnecessarily gratuitous and offensive .
The film could make a fortune being sold as a sleep aide .
I ca not believe this is a children 's movie .
This type of plot really does have a lot of potential , but it was butchered here .
Limited dialogue has been added on afterwards and it is very phony .
But pity the actors , because the screenwriter left out all of the best scenes .
The way she was torturing him for an engagement ring and the way she reams him for every little thing .
When they entered the house and found the man he could have at lease explained them .
There are about five silly climaxes in the film .
The characters portrayed were acceptable and to an extent real in their portrayals .
Panaghoy thinks that if they simply take sweeping shots of the landscape then they have established the mood .
Most reviewers are under no delusions that it is rubbish .
If you merely look at the cover of this movie , it 's cool .
It would have been good if the film built it story about this travesty rather than racial politics .
It 's wonderful and enough of a reason to watch when the script 's direction goes haywire .
You see all the girls swooning over one man , that almost all of them like instantly .
First of all it has that guy from medium .
If not , get her some help in the form of better writers for the show .
He could walk through a wall in a scene where that was not helpful .
You know you have a lame movie when the commercials use the ghosts to talk about there film .
There is no much point is commenting an adult film .
Even given the obvious limitations , this film should have been better than it is .
Because of lacking texts the story becomes a quiz .
Freddy , hoping some better lines will come along .
What a wasted opportunity to actually make an interesting film about a complicated subject .
You might want to puke by the end of the film .
I do not even know if renting it would be a good idea , the cost and all ...
It 's like they run out of ammo so stand around waiting to be jumped on .
Have the characters respond to the fact an asylum with no power suddenly has lights in the one room .
This movie ran the gamut of ways to be the worst .
I 'm not saying the jokes are bad , but they make up most of the movie .
Walking and talking , for nearly an hour that 's all that happens .
The battle sequences were hysterically bad .
But alas , that is what one must do .
It 's not even so bad , you can laugh about it .
It held so much promise , but it was like dry humping a transvestite .
The only actor that did not suck was the zoo guard .
Keep in mind , the movie artwork is for a completely different film .
However , there is no real storyline , it is fragmented claptrap .
The main actress may try to live up the character , but it 's the best that she could do , trying .
Much better written , acted , costumed , and produced .
The music is decent , what blood that 's there is decent , and the cast looks quite good .
I will never guess why he signed up for this travesty .
I 'm not going to spend a lot of time talking about everything that 's wrong with it .
Someone really must have owed some favors .
However , there 's little substance underneath .
It makes the movie extremely predictable and because of that the movie is also seriously lacking in tension .
I ca not even believe that this show lasted as long as it did .
The jokes are sophomoric and telegraphed .
The whole thing , from the opening scenes defies logic .
So they hyped the violence and it 's been branded as sick .
Writing short stories is very difficult and only a handful of authors have gotten it right .
We did give it a second chance , thinking surely it would get better .
Therefore , the film is over the top and ridiculous from the beginning .
Almost none of the characters display any level of competency with their armaments .
And then yeah , there you have it , one of the cops actually hits someone .
It 's the story about a man who believes his daughter could be a star .
It 's just your average nuclear spill causing people to turn into zombies etc etc .
Events were placed in the film just to move the characters from one scene to the next or to provide exposition .
One of them is that the film is mostly in focus .
Thing is , it 's not really a story .
They do not even remotely resemble real human beings .
But he is not sure of what would really bring him happiness .
The only place in which he can access the internet is in a stripclub .
These cops are going to either blow them away or going to lock them up .
Even a child can see the missing logic to character 's behaviors .
Most of the stuff they used in the movie is so outdated .
This is only related to the first movie by the name .
In it , a photojournalist with a big mustache cancels his vacation to get away from his girlfriend .
He did a pretty good job anyway considering how he was basically wasted .
It 's blood , gore , breasts , and hey , even a shoddy story to go with it .
It has photographs of heaps of dead bodies in it .
He was better off under her supervision .
However , blackouts , delirium , and rejection threaten to thwart his efforts .
The acting is decent and serious all the time .
Except for the names of the characters the movie bears very little resemblance to the book .
Right as he dies , he looks up at the scarecrow and he let 's his spirit go into the scarecrow .
In fact , this is the sort of film that should be punished .
The acting was not great , the story was full of simplistic turns and transparent characters .
Not one good reason not to see this movie ....
It was dark out and he turned into a red car and there was this guy on the second level looking down at him .
Okay , that 's why she got the part .
That in itself is a major accomplishment .
This is such an appallingly bad adaptation is hard to find words to condemn it .
I will just mention one of the more prosaic ones in passing .
Everyone appears to like them in this movie .
Please , for the love of everything holy , do not rent this movie .
She can act , but does not get a chance in this clunker .
Fontaine looked more like her mother .
Thankfully so far , no one has tried anything like this again .
This is not a political statement this is a moral issue that effects are society .
The two remaining girls wake up in a big , isolated house .
Apparently , something is not funny unless you see it like a million times .
Yul was the one cowboy who mesmerized the audience .
It 's as though the director sensed that he was making crap , so he thought it best to keep the crap short .
It s just that the show is unrealistic and the way he handles things makes me just squirm .
That leaves only one thing to offer you .
It is witless and often embarrassing .
You will watch endless moments where you think something funny is surely about to happen but it just does not .
To conclude , there are better ways to spend one 's time than watching this .
This movie should not be watched by people who want intelligence in their family entertainment .
It had seemed much more like years .
This apparently makes sense because they 're both deserts so surely they 're practically the same place .
Yes , it was shot on video , but not ' cheap ' video .
I 'm not complaining about her presence .
The usual predictable crap with hilarious implementation .
The action was awkward and stilted .
But , fortunately , it does not have such rubbish .
I only know that showing a fired gun does not make a film a war movie .
Kite has style , but it is still trash .
Me was a lot more commercially advertised and hyped about .
At the beginning we get to see the start of a secret council of some sorts .
It 's not a film with too short a schedule .
As soon as we 're told one thing , she 's off doing the other .
This movie is just not hard to understand , but it is hard to stomach .
The amateur cinematography makes sure the fallen angels are about as sexy as the average homeless person .
Promising , interesting characters from early reels disappear for long periods of time .
First of all , there are the inaccuracies .
He will do anything for this gem he sends a whole army after these two rats .
They are all funny and even funnier after a few beers .
I could not stop laughing .. maybe lsd would work .
I watched it with a kind of fatalistic fascination to see if it could continue to deteriorate and it did .
Berkoff 's overplaying is mildly enjoyable but not remotely menacing .
The foggy nights look real , not like someone put an artificial fog machine on the set .
And in a silly climax , the car climbs a mountainside , and helps
Go forward some time and a group of film students want to finish her film off , which is apparently cursed .
Hilarity , unfortunately , does not ensue .
George is not very happy and he tries to ditch them but when he gets home the girls are still at his house .
A good gruesome death scene with really fake blood is so stupid .
I have to agree with most everyone 's opinion that this show was poorly produced as well as written .
Him and his buddy spend most of their free time hanging around a couple of girls .
Action is slow and minimal and the people are flat , corny at times , and do not act realistically .
Next time you produce something , do not book yourself as the lead if you ca not act .
This move has the focus on the last one , almost forgetting the first point as the movie goes along .
Not many movies come along that really instill fear into the minds of people .
We 've seen it all before , and it no longer breaks any taboos because they have long since evaporated .
Boom has garnered itself a something of a reputation .
The secret is ... this movie blows .
No surprises here we did not see coming .
The passing gases that the pregnant girl kept having barely got any laughs .
Dad dies , which oddly does not seem to faze his devoted daughter very much .
Someone do something different cause the slash genre needs new blood , literally .
The brother and sister relationship was very weak and they did not really appear to be that close .
Mostly its people talking about things followed by lots of walking from place to place and lead to lead .
There is a twist or two at the end , but by then you wo not care anymore .
Others have pointed out all the relevant stupidities already .
Two of the sisters throw themselves at his feet and brown nose him to get at his money .
Somehow the cop gets paired up with one of the female doctors , as well as an entomologist who is brought in .
The action is shot mostly in the dark , making any violence hard to decipher .
Nothing makes sense , nor does it try too .
You just have to look really hard for it .
The third one is mildly enjoyable but its nothing special .
She is cute , no question about that .
Spacey brings his game face , but his turns usually end as unfunnily vapid .
So many questions need to be answered .
It seems that we have here a recipe for a successful title , but there 's nothing successful in this movie .
It 's never about resolution , it 's only about interminable introspective babble .
All of his most fundamental traits are gone .
It is betrayal of the ultimate sort .
He should have gone out with something better .
The camera work is shoddy with too much movement and far more cranes than could ever be effective .
The sex scenes were totally irrelevent to the plot .
Kind of like seeing a slow motion auto accident on film .
A cave dwelling , cannibalistic woodsmen and the ghosts of his dead wife and two children soon terrorize them .
An idiotic dentist finds out that his wife has been unfaithful .
A disappointing end to a season that started so well ...
I left the theater shaking my head and depressed .
If you want a mindless , senseless , predictable action movie , go right ahead .
I guess they were all hypnotized into death , then hypnotized into rotting themselves .
Their attacks are recklessly bloody and distasteful .
In other words , except for the few smiles , it bored me out of my shorts .
I 'm one of those suckers who just has to see a movie to the end .
It really is that offensive to the genre .
There are comedies that set out to be funny , and are .
Then , there is the fact that every character on the show is completely moronic .
I said , this movie is absolutely needless .
The movie in places seems to be chopped together .
You wonder when this guy will get caught with his pants down .
In a college dorm a guy is killed by somebody with a scythe .
In a college dorm a guy is killed by somebody with a scythe .
I like to organize bad movie evenings from time to time .
Just one more comment on a commentator 's remarks .
There is no reason to watch this movie , unless you want to see some breasts , and not very good breasts at that .
You can try to pretend it is okay , but it just keeps on stinking .
But this setup is not utilized to properly .
That tiny little fan that was going was not sufficient by any stretch to lower the landing gear .
Violent , brutal , misogynistic and unpleasant .
I on the other hand stupidly sat through the whole movie just to wait and see if it got any better .
I think he needed the money to fight a nuisance lawsuit and was determined it not cost him anything .
What is clear is that he and his wife take a tour of a cave and he gets bitten by a bat .
The film did not seem to know whether it wanted to be serious or farcical .
Sarne is one of the most supremely untalented people ever given a dollar to make a movie .
Beautiful attracts excellent idea , but ruined with a bad selection of the actors .
He should have stayed with his strength .
There are some cop scenes every once in a while , but there 's no excitement in terms of them finding the killer .
This movie should not be shown only because of this .
In conclusion , an underdeveloped movie without a point .
The mystery continues though as the object generates a huge amount of electricity .
The intelligence level is about the same .
The intelligence level is about the same .
The intelligence level is about the same .
Reading the plot synopsis , it sounds like a pretty good story .
Because the girl did not break a sweat , or even bleed .
There 's unnecessary shower scenes and exploitative gore .
So he could not really finish this film the way that he wanted to .
From beginning to end , his facial expression is best described as near sleep .
I would not be so quick to look at all the good reviews and say this might be a good show ..
His use of shaking the camera to simulate suspense .
I will remain a fan of all of them but only time can heal my feeling over this one .
Let me start out by saying i will try not to put too many spoilers in this .
Instead , it 's sort of like a drama with a few comedic elements .
This one tips the scales , then falls off .
If you are tired late one night and in need of sleep , this will help you to sleep that sleep .
So sad how an weekly half hour entertainment was destroyed by these amateurs .
Bello does not seem to care what people think of her choices in movie roles .
Fancy being married to such a virago ...
He never got the part off the ground and was repetitive throughout .
He succeeds in making an hour and twenty minutes seem like an eternity .
The true decline of the western civilization .
The scene in which he wipes out the brewery is absurd .
Hence the introduction of what seems like one half of an entire film 's worth of clips .
They are so darn shy even after so many meetings .
For the rest , use your zapper and find something more entertaining like watching paint dry .
The end of the movie is even lamer than the rest of it .
This is his one dimensional characterization of a crime boss , with very predictable results .
I read many reviews which said ' thriller not a horror movie ' .
This is like caging them to be displayed . '
Of course , there are extremes within those two broad categories .
If they are , they did a poor job in selling this .
The acting is totally non existent in this film .
The film is filled with sloppy editing like this .
It felt almost like they were leaving this movie open for a sequel .
Ah , yes , and a director who knows how to direct .
Buntch of grown up acting like kids no humor nothing .
He calls work and demands that he loses his vacation time and she says he will pay for this .
I just finished watching this movie .
I just finished watching this movie .
I do not even remember where it takes place ... how sad is that ...
The critter grows and starts breeding .
Low budget does not mean the movie has to be demented .
It really impresses me that it got made .
There 's a strange love story involved which does not have anything to do with anything .
Also , the makers of this film were very bold and pulled no punches .
It 's so bad and boring that it actually becomes fascinating in a weird way .
This movie tries to be western flavored , it 's not .
Theron is someone whom it would be a pleasure to see , even if it showed her watching paint dry .
Aside from this failing , the film is really sort of awkwardly paced with more style than substance .
We have to nurture them , just like a baby .
It is almost two hours long which is totally unnecessary .
Now that the movie has actually come out , hopefully this joke will die .
It is worth watching if only to be amazed at how bad it is .
The film itself concerns a group of teenagers who are tasked with cleaning out a decommissioned dormitory .
Its unfortunate that someone decided to spin off on the best horror movies of all time in my book .
Many people who have been bullied by people of another race do not turn to extreme bigotry .
Rent this one after you seen everything else .
His charm , looks , and easy wit go a long way in making the film bearable .
I grew up in the town that this movie is supposed to be based on .
Since a whole decade the things had not been the same .
The action is decent but completely implausible .
He survives the wreck , and makes it home just in time for a full moon .
The story , told in almost comic book fashion is difficult to swallow .
He steps out of the cave he is in , and he and his dog are inked by the ship .
And of course , when they are finished , the many , many other couples vanish into thin air .
This one is not really a zombie film .
But that 's the only real cinematography in the project .
His pans to zombies running through the forest are more silly than menacing .
I breaks out , the three buddies seem completely indifferent to the struggle , yet enlist in the navy anyways .
There were two suspenseful scenes in the film , but did not last long enough to be scary at all .
To me , they did not look like anything resembling a fly , especially in the coloring .
If you really can , then create a decent character for you to become .
How about loud noises , shaking , fire , more shaking , messing up the room , more blood , etc etc .
One is raped by this demonic man with a diseased mouth as the hellish hobos stand nearby gleefully cheering .
A lot of inappropriate scenes take place in mosques .
Presumably there 's something about that red shirt that just brings out the animal in him .
I watched it with a room full of kids , who also were not laughing at the stupid and crude humor .
This is the movie against which all bad movies are compared .
It 's the kind of movie you watch to kill a couple of hours when you are not in the mood to think too hard .
If the video rental is out of the top titles , you can take it without a risk , but do not expect a masterwork .
This movie is a piece of crap right from the beginning .
She needs a challenge or at least some better scripts .
It is made to cater for the multitude of zombies whose meaning in life derives from watching celebrity names .
This movie had some andrenaline kickers , but it 's an old story that simply could never happen .
This movie is not even in the same league or even the same planet as the first .
The loooonnnnng shots were too long .
Maybe it 's just ' cause he gets blowed up .
It just seemed slapped together and rushed through .
Some of what follows might be considered by some to be spoilers .
That is the single twist and punchline of the film .
If it s a comedy its less good but funny for all of the wrong reasons .
Actually some of the deaths were pretty original and the gore was decent .
However , it was not to be the case .
Just typing that word made me laugh .
The first killing is a nurse in a hospital .
This movie is less pleasant than a toothache .
Hallam , of course , hates his stepmother and lets he know it .
Divorced women with indifferent daughters .
Leila also comes from a screwed up family , which does not help either .
Alarm bells should have been ringing .
That 's really about the only line that is funny in this film .
The good actors did not hold their own nor did they lift up the others .
Do not see this movie if you value your mind .
I ca not believe it 's gotten so high a rating here .
I realize the fights are choreographed , but that just got me shaking my head in disbelief and disgust .
Whoever they are , i 'm sure they do not work in the film business anymore .
He is unable to distance himself from the work , and allow it to speak for itself .
Her attempts are too arty and oblique .
I guess humans taste better than yaks .
She was listed as one of the producers .
But under that very feminine surface lies an ominous secret .
Not much , and it works from the standpoint of production .
However , the plot takes unexpected and implausible turns that seemingly make no sense .
I can hardly believe how regressive it is in it 's view of women .
I 'm sure a bunch of ants wo not catch up with you .
I watched it with my mom and we were like ...
Bill is not very good looking and looks much older than described in the book .
I was hoping he 'd get hit by a bus five minutes into the film .
We see her at the party , it 's obvious there is something going on and boom she is gone .
The main character is in a white collar writing job yet he dresses like he works with oil and grease in a garage .
I wanted to see a survival movie , not some dramatic bs about a kid suffering thru divorce .
The threat seems to be supernatural , but then it 's being controlled by these three older people .
Lucky for us , the propaganda on the boxes never lie .
It 's not long before the new wife begins to have the feeling that someone does not want her in the house .
The romance is very unrealistic , fluttery , lovey dovey , perfect etc .
There is not a single payoff or revelation in the entire movie .
The characters are all utterly one dimensional as you would expect .
Some films should never get out of paper , and that is the feeling you get after watching this .
Test is more of a test of patience than anything else .
It 's a quick , light , and inoffensive little crime drama .
Nightmare series , and at the latest from this point on , the series became total garbage .
There was just too much in this film that was hard to digest .
It would 've been fine if there was some promotion of the show .
In other words , it feels like they are contrived movie scenes , not like real life .
The twist ending is very contrived .
Yeah , yeah , good guys wear white , bad guys wear black .... and the good guys always win .
Contrary to its title , this film offers no spice and thus audience is subjected to a tasteless dish .
Especially with the precocious lines from the child , which were completely unbelievable .
I guess they tried to twist their usual plot a bit .
The climax is also rather nonsensical .
Georgie's is some pop tune with lyrics about being free and giving in .
The hotel where most of the actors were lodged appears good too .
Completely wrong for her operatic voice .
The campfire format , while touching in thought , is actually pretty annoying in execution .
The story really gets ridicules at times .
It does go to show however that big stars can pull in the bucks , even if the film is terrible .
Would not it have made more sense for her to leave when he was at work .
This mirror shot is repeated to the point of sickness as it practically becomes a fetish of the creator .
Additionally , there was no background information about
Still , their movie reviewing credibility has gone through the floor .
That is the one and only upside to this film .
It was just a bad western movie to be sold commercially .
I added one extra star because it did make me laugh , even hard , a couple of times .
I do not know about you , but that 's not something for little children to be watching .
Seems that the cast should ensure at least an average movie .
At other times it gives the film a strangely amateurish look , resembling a home video .
The annoying furball also uses his otherworldly skills to help the boy win a baseball game by means of cheating .
This should have been a lot better .
The only part worth while in this movie is the close up of a slugs attempt to bite the finger of a man .
The show was high budget and too expensive to continue .
Yvonne 's heavy makeup , when colored , has her looking like a clown all the time .
I do not understand what they were thinking when they made this .
I do not what that other review was talking about .
First , no president would ever admit something like that , being an active member of an ultra fringe group .
The actors needed to be more handsome ...
I dare you to give that description to someone else out loud and expect them not to laugh .
Watch this movie if you need sleep , because you will dose off .
The other two segments were complete trash .
Ludicrous is the word that others have used for the plot of this film , and that 's right on target .
Dead really is , is a town full of nut jobs .
Dead really is , is a town full of nut jobs .
Because that 's all she does through out this whole movie , is get naked for no good reason .
Now he kills two cops outside teenager 's house and somehow sneaks into her bedroom and kills her boyfriend .
So many it s kind of hard to explain the film 's plot line in detail , without giving it away .
Dole is none other than the sheriff 's wife .
And then you have the murder scenes .
You might think , after my comment that this movie is so bad it 's good , but it 's just bad .
So do me a favor , and never watch this show .
It is just an animation it should be on video .
The movie starts out with some scrolling text which takes nearly five minutes .
It sounds forced and phony , much like her acting .
And the fact that the plot just ambles along does not help .
Unfortunately this is the films best and only selling point .
This film took itself way too seriously and just did not know when to end .
You might be inclined to watch it just to see how bad it is , unable to curb your curiosity .
He never ever mentions this thing he starred in , though .
I have never been so unsatisfied in my life .
The entire montage and screenplay is much like a high school extramural project .
Perhaps all major conflicts could be avoided .
There is nothing about this movie to distinguish it from other supernatural horror thrillers .
Judging by the acting of the film characters , it 's more a comedy than a horror film .
The acting in the movie never took off .
Again she chooses a very difficult and not popular movie to star in .
It does speed up after the first hour but by then it 's too clichéd to care .
The director tried to emulate certain noir film styles but failed miserably .
There 's no reason or method to the madness .
Average , hovering on below average .
Before they die , they curse the next generations of their executioners .
All so we can see oversized breasts on a figure that does not support them .
It has no focus whatsoever , no goals , no real message .
Not that this is any fault of the other actors .
Based is the key word here since no familiarity with the story is required .
Your first urge is a desperate desire to flee .
Hollywood intends for us to laugh at the funny results of the traps .
For the rest of his life , he declared that if his finger had been on the button , he would have pushed it .
Not because it was scary but because the content .
I have to watch this movie just to see if it 's as bad as this person says it is .
Cut half an hour and it might have been more endurable .
That 's probably the highlight of the film .
That 's not to see it is entirely devoid of laughs , but it 's close .
This seems to to be the biggest complaint of viewers in general .
Best skip this and watch the two originals .
The movie is promising in the beginning .
Here you will learn the art of wagging your finger in the face of anyone without losing your trademark smirk .
Respect one another in your poor minority community and you wo not run afoul of the dominant white culture .
It 's very difficult to make a film about this situation , and this one is not successful , unfortunately .
Rumor has it she was not happy with this film .
I almost skipped the exhibit and , in retrospect , probably should have .
Then again , this could be called a blessing .
He was always in the dark but his presence was powerful and guided the direction of entire production .
To anybody thinking of making another film along these lines , please do not .
What is convincing are the production values .
I believe that a film does not have to club you over the head with its message to get the point across .
It 's not just his wife reaching him , it 's other dead people .
I was talked into watching this movie by a friend who blubbered on about what a cute story this was .
I stress the word few in that sentence .
Some fraud girl tries to compete in the big leagues of motorcross by swiching places with her brother .
Mainly because they have not fired at the soldiers yet .
This should have been spotted and corrected .
I 'm sorry , but this is such a bad movie it 's hilarious .
There are great stretches of the movie where nothing happens .
The sure thing is that this movie is referring to people with no demands from the cinema art .
And do not get me started on the preview before the event .
The audio commentary was useless since it 's a skin flick but even then that was bad too .
My local blockbuster video store lists this as the movie most returned with sad commentary attached .
I guess we have to wait for the sequel .
And do not get me started about the acting ...
The whole film seems like a series of action scenes strung together with minimal plot .
I ca not even write intelligently about the movie .
And being let down bigger than ever before .
I can see where the story idea is intriguing .
I just wish they had picked a stronger film to be bold with .
Meanwhile , all the real action is happening inside .
This film a fascinatingly stupid ...
Usually heist films show the protagonists going into a lot of methodical planning .
But somewhere you feel that your stomach is not properly filled .
So this could have been a really good film ... but it was not .
At least it had a semi good ending .
It 's not a story about someone , through struggle , emerging stronger .
I just do not understand what was so important about this film that it even had to be made .
This movie was not even entertaining on a stupid level .
The two genres just do not mix that well .
That 's about all the story has to offer .
A statue that has been destroyed centuries ago reappears for no reason just to collapse on top of her .
A phenomenal achievement in awfulness .
And when he does get a good person to interview , he edits the hell out of them .
And they 're going to live happily ever after .
Interesting because the arrows are the only believable effects or action in the entire movie .
They really might as well have made a family sitcom with him as the star , that 's how badly it was written .
For everyone who is thinking of watching this movie , let ''s go over a few plot points .
The bad things are everything else about it .
It has its moments , but not enough of them .
Not to mention the brainless humor thrown in .
This movie is made to fall like a brick .
There is absolutely no closure and it leaves tons of loose ends .
The frequent , occasionally hot sex scenes are the only reason for this movie 's existence .
But a lot of the time , when actors direct , they have a tendency to just focus on the performances .
This is not really a zombie film , if we 're defining zombies as the dead walking around .
Then , we usually get a last shot where we see that the animal is still alive , or has laid eggs , etc .
He 's decent enough , especially considering he is not used to speaking roles .
There is mostly a two dimensional portrayal by the actors of their parts and no one really stands out .
It had a few unintentionally funny scenes but had a few real good camera shots and editing .
A bunch of people start running away from the zombies and end up in an old abandoned hotel .
Eventually , it makes few point and even less sense .
Gorgeous bodies , gorgeous colors and camera work , pretentious dialog , banal plot .
The only reason why so many people screamed while watching this movie is because of conformity .
There was so much potential in having a relative in apparent kidnap .
Credit must go to the two main actors .
Mostly they travel through endless miles of desolate desert .
There is good cliched writing and bad cliched writing .
I do not think this scene added to the movie at all .
He does try a lot , which is a big part of the problem .
Then , because they needed a lot of actors , that meant that they 'd probably be more lenient .
In fact , the plot is constructed in such a way so that the girl gets no one .
Stockler wants us to take those interviews as proof of what he 's trying to preach in fiction .
The movie is not quite as predictable as you would think ... and that 's not a good thing .
Hollywood always had trouble coming to terms with a religious picture .
They made some changes to the story that do not make much sense to me .
She 's a lot less evil and does not have the presence as she did in the book .
Only one thing could have redeemed this sketch .
This is due in large measure to what seems to me to be a superficial use of background technology .
There are people acting stupidly all along the way , putting their lives in danger for no apparent reason .
Avoid paying theatre prices and wait until video release .
I think in one scene the actors looked like they were actually walking in place .
Because , after disposing of one big cat , a hero is relaxing a little because there is only one left .
Nothing overly wrong with this film , very little action for an action film .
This is a legitimate argument , but felt off topic for me , almost like a movie in and of itself .
It s very slow , with very few sword fight scenes and very sentimental ... in a bad way ...
But all got ruined because things happened that were over the top , and it left me with a bad feeling .
And the exact specifications are a secret .
And the exact specifications are a secret .
Convicts should have to watch this , so they can commit suicide .
He 's good as usual but hardly standout .
Wood 's trip to school did raise a smile for me .
I do not usually comment , but there are things that need to be said .
The film failed to conveyed any kind of story or depth to the character .
No one in their right mind would actually find this movie engaging .
All in all it is more of a spoof than anything else .
Any laughs here will be because the movie is so bad , not because it 's funny .
What they encounter is a horrific tale of cannibalistic killers .
So it 's got to be some sort automatic writing .
So it 's got to be some sort automatic writing .
The plot develops slowly , very slowly .
If you 're looking for a quality film ... well , this is not it .
It just does not make any sense though , and that is a huge detractor to me .
Perhaps it was because everything was a garish hyperbole .
The story appears to be a computer nerd 's fantasy world come true .
Like a rehash of the first one , they have to learn how to beat them all over again .
There are so many good warrior movies , this one is not one of them .
If you get drunk enough in advance , you might be fortunate enough to pass out before it 's over .
The colors and backgrounds were just as bad as the effects .
College students , who are clearing out a condemned dormitory , are stalked by an elusive killer .
Like in so many sequels , the action starts right away with no explanations .
Gothic was entertainment at least , this is crap .
He finally gets the plutonium back and drives to the base to arm the missile .
The lyrics are dreadful .. which she likes to sing about a lot of things ..
But in the second half he himself looks confused .
Everything about this movie is unoriginal and it constantly oozes cliche , minute after minute .
It does not make me laugh particularly .
Both actors are capable of so much more , and deserve better than what they are given to work with here .
I picked up this movie with the intention of getting a bad zombie movie .
You can see extras waiting for their cues to walk across camera .
The only way to get anything out of this film is to approach it as a comedy .
Good luck next time , because this was bad news .
One and a half hours waiting for the bloody thing to sink but what about the rest of the of it .
In one of their arguments she pleads with him .
Nothing against the cast of the movie , of course , this is all the fault of the writing team .
I feel that it would even be that way to small children .
It was cheesy how this guy got involved with the making of the movie .
I have tell you it is one of the most boring so called horror you could ever watch .
I , sober , was stuck watching a grown man go under cover as a tomato .
It does not achieve anything at an artistic level .
Guy gets the girl kind of thing at the end .
Its seems like a road movie with almost no monsters .
I could not hear it too well because of the crowd immediately getting up and making a break for the exit .
By the way , were did some reviewers say there was gore and stuff .
The writers of this movie must think that the majority of the movie going public is stupid .
Everything is briefly planned and then executed in a heavy handed and dumb way that just makes it look cheesy .
Whatever you do right now is burned into celluloid for all time and for thousands of years to come .
He made some mistakes , some serious mistakes , but shooting the tail off an airplane was not one of them .
There 's no mystery , there 's no suspense , you know who did it the entire time .
This movie tracks four people who break the traditional boundaries of organic separation ...
My expectation were to high apparently .
I 'm talking about watching the lead actress , a stunning blonde , run amok in her birthday suit .
The acting is chewing the scenery with enthusiasm and the plots have holes you could drive a truck through .
I can think of plenty that equal this one , but none which manage to outdo it .
The film was directed so badly it made my stomach ache .
I 'm surprised the fat clown did not join the orgy , would have fit right in .
About halfway through the picture it becomes so confused as to be incomprehensible .
I hate how this movie has absolutely no creative input .
You will completely forget that this guy was even in the movie until he crops up again later near the end .
There are those bad guys who kidnap and sell the underage people .
No matter how little talent he has , and no matter how bad these movies are , he manages to keep making them .
Plus , string theory is the hot new thing in physics nowadays .
If you ask me the first one was really better one .
I liked the hawk , the costumes , even some of the fight scenes , but overall this was dull as dirt .
If it did not have that sequence this movie would have been forgotten long ago .
He takes revenge on the guy when he brings the girl home .
Watching this almost made me want to go blind .
Did not really seem to be worth the effort .
It was like they just decided one day to make a movie .
But these depictions of fictional characters in real historical settings can only do so much .
Unfortunately , their friendship unravels as harsh reality begins to intrude , leading to an inevitable tragedy .
But if it were not for the censorship scandal , it would have been ignored , then forgotten .
This is one of those budding star films which they later regret doing .
Never mind the production value , which is very noble for its budget , but the pacing is deadly .
This film was a disaster from start to finish .
If a movie tells a good story , it can get away with a lot of production shortcomings .
The film is photographed pretty well and the acting is decent .
Manfish is the name of their boat , not a monster .
This kind of storytelling is unacceptable
Also , the shots had a rough feel about them .
I had numerous problems with this film .
Whatever , just watch it if you want .
Over and over again the same footage .
To a budding young socialist joining the circus must seem as intimidating as joining a real circus .
It is decent entertainment , as long as you check your brain at the door .
They ca not make the amateurish film itself satisfying , but they can at least make it a bit more comprehensible .
Then he accidentally kills her when she finds out .
There was hardly any story so it relied on high drama .
We know who the bad guys are from the beginning , and just follow along as they fall like dominoes .
There were a grand total of two really really funny scenes in this movie .
So do yourself a favor and do not watch it .
Next the guy has to exercise in his wedding suit .
Some might say this movie is not meant to be taken seriously .
It was not bad because of the special effects , or lack thereof .
He loses sight of what true friendship and love is and blah blah some other nonsense .
If you were trying to shock me , it did not work .
This relic of a short film starts with a teen going through the process of attempting to get a driver 's license .
Secondly , as many had pointed out from the trailers , the special effects are anything but special .
Everyone else should stay a safe distance away from this movie at all times .
If you know someone who owns it , apologize to them .
But the performance is kind of wasted in this movie , which is just not edgy or interesting enough to recommend .
When she sits down again he pulls an even dirtier trick to get her phone number .
This film is so bad it simply defies reality .
It was also very sad , as far as the ducky 's dad and all .
Then why at the drop of a hat is she willing to sell her only daughter into slavery .
Now the family he 's working for are not against blacks , but he thinks they are .
It certainly made this film appear to pass more quickly .
The black and white film did enhance the artful feeling of it .
What are they going to do when someone has a tooth ache never mind giving birth ... yea right .
Or that the light bulb was invented before the wheel .
All of the actors speak in a monotone voice and have no realism to their dialogue .
It 's pretty convoluted and incomprehensible .
He does not do that because it would be unwise for investments , stocks and corporations .
His partner actually slumps down twice in the movie .
The goodies even get time to reload their pistols amid the hail of machine guns bullets .
There was not a single memorable character in the whole film .
The ear piercing part was kind of interesting .
The ear piercing part was kind of interesting .
Rajinikanth had to personally repay them for the losses incurred .
The story focuses on four women driven to robbing banks who we are somehow supposed to sympathize with .
It has little intrinsic artistic value .
But it is wasted behind this film making .
Although he did not need to because in tipping the van the ginger kid crossed the line first .
I have yet to see what damage it has caused my sight and my ability to complete sentences .
The characters , despite the actors best efforts are flat and uninteresting .
They want the secret equipment and will do anything to get it .
When you fall asleep once watching it do not try to rewind and catch up because you will fall asleep again .
We do not know exactly what the hell she 's doing half the time , what she 's after , or why she 's doing it .
It was hard to understand a lot of the dialog due to the poor sound quality .
There are constant references to male genitalia , and not by females , either .
My soul felt chafed after this movie .
They work , they meet girls , they party .
Instead , we got a long , drawn out bunch of twaddle .
The plot 's bridges snap like twine and the ending does not make sense .
The plot 's bridges snap like twine and the ending does not make sense .
I guess he 's kinda like the kid you feel sorry for cuz he just ca not seem to get it right .
It is just a plastic toy on a fishing line .
In all , this film will either appeal to you or it wo not .
I 'm leaning more toward the certifiably insane .
Lots of footage of the bikers riding on a dirt road , with the same music played repeatedly .
Please do not judge the rest based on this one film .
So much is wrong with this abysmal little wet fart of a movie that it 's hard to know where to begin .
In the real world , they do kill people with nicotine , pollution , additives , poisons , etc .
This old man is doing nothing but saying some dumb comments .
Scully just wandered off into the desert to look into a brutal murder on her own without him .
The climax is not appealing though especially
I ca not imagine what they are thinking .
I 'm not much of a fan of the imitations .
Not that me not saying it was not all right would 've stopped anybody from watching it .
Perhaps he succeeds within the film , but to the audience he proves himself as nothing more than a bad actor .
He has his big pot belly and double chin going for him and the most miserable and bored look on his face .
Because it seems as if they did not even know what really happened .
Please do not show them this documentary because it will only cloud their minds with negativity .
It seems it is not just in his mind .
No one in this movie does anything that is either deviant or obsessive , let alone a combination of the two .
They seem to be thrown in at random .
That 's how this would turn out if kid 's see this movie .
I am an sales , and she could not close selling a glass of water to a man dying of thirst .
The way his gang members died were fictitious .
Minimal script , minimal character development , minimal steady camera .
Imagine a relay race that involves sending very young children into harm 's way .
Ford went on to make decent movies .
They end up being used as shark bait or shark mate .
For me it 's all over the same thing .
It might be a good idea to harness some of the burning debris nearby so as not to freeze to death .
Why did not they make this one first , it is the beginning .
This film has no story , plot or hint of purpose .
Now it snot like i was cheated or anything .
It was my mistake to think something was going to happen in this movie .
If this is not bad enough , the situation quickly makes a downward spiral .
Never before have the motives of the producers of a motion picture been more transparent .
So what we have here is pure exposition .
Another tired , desultory reworking of an out of copyright work never designed to be filmed .
I have read several good reviews that have defended and critised the various aspects of this film .
Indeed most of the audience seemed pretty bored and chatty even at the most tense moment of the movie .
After killing his wife with a nail gun the cop shoots himself in the head considering that s what s
That itself was a clear indicator of the director 's vision .
If you like gore , you will find something redeeming in this flick , but not much more .
Although the men are obviously the scarecrows , there is no explanation .
Jesus if this is the best he can come up with he can just stay away .
No , please , if you never listen to anyone 's reviews , please do here .
How this piece of garbage was put to film is beyond me .
This will keep your mind off other things like the lack of script or humor ..
It does not take too long before they encounter a large reptile , which gobbles up their horse .
If you want to laugh and be bored , go ahead and watch this movie .
However , the one thing that actually impressed me , beside the special effects , was the swearing .
Words ca not describe how bad this movie is .
Just stick a bunch of criminals in a room and make them watch this over and over every day for a month .
The whole thing kicks off with the fat main guy in bed with a pair of boots on .
That kid smoked so many cigarettes it made me nauseous .
If you like extremely gory movies , this is for you , if not , stay away .
This movie is aimed at kids and only children could enjoy it .
Our killer greets him with a stab to the stomach .
I tried restarting the movie twice .
Probably cryptologist 's call themselves scientists , but they are not .
Buried alive , he digs his way out and plots revenge against those that put him away and flicked the switch .
Things turn ugly after he is beaten up by the mafia boyfriend of an old girl friend .
Do not buy this , do not rent it , just watch discovery channel ... much more exciting .
I saw the fake death ending coming a mile away .
The rest of the characters are just various stereotypes of young men and young black men .
The real ring leader is a disbarred lawyer who runs things through three or four thugs .
First off the people that did the casting must have been asleep whilst doing so .
The summary pretty much sums it all up .
I went to see it just to be grossed out .
A lot the scenes were flash backs that were done in a way that could not tell at times what they were about .
They will probably agree with me that it sucks .
These are scrambled in a snowstorm .
I could have believed begrudging assistance .
Not just a few of them join the cause .
This movie made me want to puke and then puke again .
The story is silly and the skin scenes are not all that terrific either .
So apparently humans were around when dinosaurs were , or we just have a fine little plot hole here .
The first thing that bugs me are those braindead , stereotyped university kids .
The young male lead is cute , my wife says .
That dragon sure can walk down that hall ..over .. and over ... and over .... and over ...
This movie should be banned into a box , locked and sunk down into the sea .
I do not get the humor ... unless you like laughing at other people making a fool of themselves .
Where it fell short for me was largely that the story lacked the feel of setting out on a grand adventure .
Just imagine you are being cut open like that and then listen to what he says .
The plot lines to too many story lines were so unrealistically stupid it 's cringe worthy .
With or without germs , we were going to succeed .
Admittedly , they 've managed to rip off
Lupin is not as funny or wacky or as hyperactive .
It probably did not help that the actors were not very good either .
Added to that it 's about as juvenile a movie as anything in recent memory .
Why , yes , in a manner of speaking .
A good sixties film but lacking any sense of achievement .
The storyline moved slowly and when it picked up it was still boring .
The cheesy cuts and effects were painful to watch .
No , that 's not fair to the cantaloupe , which probably has more going for it .
Then , the next morning everyone but a select few of people has been turned to dust from the comet 's radiation .
They write down their most sickening wish or act , and later on people are murdered for their taboo's .
There were a few cheap laughs ... very few .
There were a few cheap laughs ... very few .
It 's billed as a comedy , but it just is not very funny .
This , however , is altogether different .
A few jokes were funny , but most were bad and cheesy .
It 's another religious end of the world propaganda piece .
It 's poorly edited as certain sequences just jump around incoherently .
But you 're nowhere near the ballpark .
In other words , nonsense that tells you that they are on the case and a resolution is at hand .
There are some scenes of violence , sure .
His hair style is badly done in most part of the movie .
However , this creature quickly becomes unfriendly and of course more are spawned and that is the movie .
This was nothing more than an excuse for some extremely sick people to put their perverse obsessions on film .
I realize that he was probably speaking the truth , but it never came through as that .
A group have made their way onto an island .
Someone did a mock clap and laughter ensued .
And the romance is not terribly romantic , either .
Her acting range really has not extended past her ability to play a naive witch .
However , this is so much better than that pile of horse crap but then again , that ai not difficult .
However , this is so much better than that pile of horse crap but then again , that ai not difficult .
I do not want to give to much away , but things turn bad for the guys doing the drugs .
And the film is riddled with one hackneyed scene like this after another .
I can respect the actors who obviously tried to make this a good film .
There 's even another dragon , which grew out of who knows what .
The characters and the relationships among them are distorted .
You just keep waiting for things to finally start off .
Anywhoo , the people laugh , joke etc .
Unfortunately , for me at least , this immersion begins to unravel somewhere around the hour mark .
I guess there were not a lot of people behind the movie so they had to roll the credits slowly ... very slowly .
Turn down the volume whenever he speaks .
Big slow trucks driving around in first gear make for awkward action scenes .
It 's hidden away right at the god damn bottom of the huge pile .
I am an open minded guy and i always love a good horror movie .
It was quite amusing , yet at the same time it was disturbing to find it so biblically inaccurate .
The noble attack on the village bothered me the most .
The fight sequences are a total comedy .
This present day rip off is a joke .
The story hardly gets a chance to develop because of superfluous dialogue and suffers from that .
The original series had that well enough , as did the first movie , but here it 's just way , way too much .
I have seen much better stuff from undergrad film students .
Direction , though , is not outstanding , and the sound quality is also quite poor .
She got the musical numbers such as they were .
We just have to know where this trainwreck goes .
The dialogues can seem rather redundant and morally hounded .
She confronted him , he said excuse me .
Even if the movie is not necessarily bad its definitely below average .
Otherwise he can not pervert their natural goodness .
However , the writers did not work very hard to develop the chemistry .
And that is simply a load of hogwash .
The only thing really worth watching are the many boobs spread throughout the film .
I personally do not really care where a film is set .
I was very displeased with this move .
The line where the main character says something about being from the streets .
Bra , panties , garter belt and hose do not hurt her image in the least .
This was a new alltime low among westerns .
Same string of letters two entirely different meanings .
Compared to the first , the music here is crap .
This movie is simply not worth the time or money spent .
So , if you like fast cars , then you will probably find this movie mildly entertaining .
To begin , the story moved too quickly .
If he was a little bit older , it would not have mater 'd as much .
He is also tormented by a bunch of other people , and a grasshopper .
The type of rubbish horror film making that you will forget within a day .
If it s not drunken orgies at the bordello then it s the young wives having they 're turn with him .
Louis thinks nothing of this and everything 's fine until the family cat is killed .
Because of modern bad taste , the film must be in color instead of black and white .
Slackers is just a predictable teen flick that really adds nothing new to the genre .
It could be he just does not have the voice to carry tone fluctuations .
Neither player bring any personality or colour to their respective roles .
That goes even moreso for the last episode .
There are some really cheesy elements .
And are you really tired of girls in relationships and then crying .
The scenes are unbalanced , without proper start and and , with a disordered content and full of emptiness .
The scenes are unbalanced , without proper start and and , with a disordered content and full of emptiness .
The woman has no detectable personality and gives a completely lackluster performance .
Chances are , if they were unable to check in every hour , a search would be called .
Sinatra comes across as the big talking little kid who nobody ought to take seriously .
At least that movie had better reviews on this site .
Some people should never be naked , and he 's one of them .
This below average slasher is not too memorable .
The rest of the cast , though , is doing a really poor job .
I tried to give it a chance , but not only was it not funny .
By the time the lights came up the audience had thinned considerably .
The screenplay is as exciting as a bowl of sand .
In most cases this should be a slam dunk , but this little stinker derails quite quickly .
Stereotypical send up of slasher flicks falls far short as supposed entertainment .
Seriously , that 's a statement that 's no more far fetched than anything else in this film .
The characters are unbelievable , how the act is not realistic at all and their motives are contrived .
Fair enough if you have an hour and a quarter to kill .
One would hope that this would be the end of the film .
There is officially a worse movie than your hateful series out there .
Of course the bad guy wakes up a few times before dying .
Theory as if it reaffirms everything they believe about meditation , zero point energy , crystal healing , etc .
Once again , it all sounds better on paper than it looks and sounds on film .
The interview at the police office is a marvel of bland obstinacy with a little fear of the future blended in .
As another commenter mentioned , there is not really enough horror or erotica to bring in fans of either genre .
Opens like a soft porn show with a blurred nude female doing a shower scene then goes bad from there .
After making a film as deplorable as this , it is not shocking .
But at least this is cohesive and quirky without being complete drivel .
But at least this is cohesive and quirky without being complete drivel .
Beyonce 's involvement makes this hypocritical garbage .
Directors ca not write , writers ca not direct .
One would be hard pressed to find a home movie participant with such an awkward camera presence .
Other times , you 're feeling cheated by the media for overhyping yet another performer .
At least with the teenage geek gets the girl films , the guy is usually unpopular with girls .
Watching a bunch of ants sting their victims is not very terrifying .
Kate tries without success to get a dial tone on every phone .
Well , this male tells you to go stuff it somewhere painful .
They should have offered intensive psychotherapy for anyone who really enjoyed this stinker .
You could actually see the blue screen the actors were working with .
At least no one important , like future investors .
The eels are just cartooned in over the film .
The characters are one dimensional , never developing to the extent that one feels for them .
And the scarecrow is a gymnast cause he flips and spins and twirls all the time .
Add to that , particularly here , the negligent dealing and the dull humor .
The idea behind this film was a good one .
He 's been lying to his uncle in order to seem a family man .
One of the things that bothers me most about this movie is that they used such a good concept .
Hard to figure when they have nothing in common and are not compatible sexually .
Just how commercial did this film prove .
It will probably seem way too cheesy and turn you off from even caring about the original one .
Then the man walks around a for an hour and tries to kill his family for no reason .
This movie was amusing at times , hell sometimes it was even downright funny .
Instead , it is a movie of a woman sheriff .
We 're introduced to him in class , inviting his nerdish poker buddies to a party .
I feel sorry for all actors that took part in that scene .
The eye of the beholder cliché was never more apropos .
People do not teleport across a room between takes .
There is negligible character development .
Hines seems unable to tell a story .
Third , none of the dialogue makes any sense .
It starts well enough , but quickly struggles and dies .
Some have been brilliant , some have failed miserably .
It ended up being the same old same old .
I recently watched it again just to remind me why .
Ca not even remember the black kid 's name .
But he tries to keep away from his family .
I wonder how could he have a top job .
They are either pulling some tax scam or insane .
I happen to be the director 's nephew .
They meet up with their respective mates and decide to take a camping trip .
The orange tone to everything was just yucky .
The one thing watching this film did for me was to give me a little insight into underclass thinking .
As far as teen comedies go , you are scraping the bottom of the barrel with this one .
Some will say that she did , but others do not agree , and the law generally does not either .
For me , the film went downwards from then on .
After the movie it goes to outtakes , which is strange because this whole movie is an outtake .
If you thought about if for a few minutes , you 'd recognise it too .
I was one of the unlucky people to see this stinker in theatres .
She gets a lift from the chauffeur of a millionaire greeting card king .
It 's no wonder he has to make his own movie and cast himself in it .
I would not recommend this movie to anyone , ever , under any circumstances .
Well , when all is said and done , we do not really care ...
As typical in all her work , every major male character is portrayed as weak , bumbling , or twisted .
But this movie can not be described as a thriller or a drama .
I do not remember why he plays dead , or how the show ends .
Man dispatches dozens of gun wielding enemies with nothing but skillful swordplay .
I have seen thousands of films in my time , many excellent , many forgettable .
Quite an insult to viewer intelligence , according to members of my family .
The story was decent , but it was very hard to watch due to all the horrid acting .
Slasher movies but it 's surely a damn bad movie .
The film is , in essence , disgusting .
Her credibility exceeded all others by far .
It is not even the kind of movie that is so bad that it 's good .
There really is not much to say about it .
They do not bother accumulating proper equipment , or food .
I do not know if it 's the worst film ever made , but it 's a definite contender .
For example , take the scene where the guy puts on the glove full of slugs .
This has to be one of the thinnest movies ever .
Iowa could be the film that he made .
Usually you only see that kind of hair on a ten year old boy and the character acted like it .
Or at least , walk , talk and gesture at the same time .
However , the makers of this series stuffed it with clichés .
Youth culture was never that desperate .
This film has a very simple but somehow very bad plot .
But that s where it all went pear shaped thereafter .
The scene where he injects his own infant son is almost unbearable .
So when he attempts a rape and gets no for an answer it 's damaging to his ego .
The attempts at dark humor come off as dour .
I could not tell at all that they were in love .
But on the whole the story does not gel .
The simply truth is this film just came out wrong .
It starts with some kind of recap of the ending of the previous movie , but this does not explain a lot .
Just my opinion but nowhere show for me .
The staging and shot choice are unexciting and unimaginative .
He did not get very far before he started getting homesick .
First of all , the continuity of the series has been completely flushed down the toilet .
Then a long time passed before any real suspense built up .
The deaths are cheesy and are dumb .
I found the character in the book much more empathetic .
The film 's slow pacing does not enhance the comedy elements or the drama elements that later emerge .
There were way to many umms and pauses when he should have been talking in the movie .
Occasionally one is served a new entrée from foreign films .
However , if you have nothing better to do and this is on cable , go ahead and watch it .
The creatures are good but the animation is jerky .
Others , its better to forget the movie altogether .
Sure some gore is okay , but most of the film shows victims after they 've been run through the ringer .
I also thought the fight scenes were very cheesy and fake .
Credibility is often overstretched .
It 's sad because there was potential , like the people he met at the club .
This is silly , movies should never be judged against the books they are taken from .
This was not an overly ' shocking ' film .
For a press officer to start a press conference without an investigating officer present to take press questions .
What can possibly said about this movie other than , viewer beware .
Otherwise , this scenario is awfully obvious , surprisingly draggy , and not very funny .
There is no story line to it at all it jumps to quickly from each murder .
By no means is this the most disturbing movie in years .
And the fact that they could answer five questions wrong and still have a chance to win was a big mistake .
Also do not get a bunch of z list actors to play in it .
No sorry , a high school student ... one who has never seen a movie before .
It is unfortunate that so talented an actor is stuffed into a role which not befitting his talents .
When someone dies on a pay pew view its comon sense to stop it .
And they provide the answer for his problem .
I will just simply say , please do not ever see this movie .
People who make money with this movie should give it to charity , so at least it serves for a good reason .
The storyline was also too dumb and too stupid to be true and it seemed more like a history lesson .
Stick to the book , folks , it 's much better .
There are a number of title cards indicating how much time has passed .
I picked all the survivors and all the tremor fodder the second the characters got introduced .
And the moment the killer comes on screen , you know who it is , it 's just sssssssssssooooooooooooo predictable .
I love horror movies , but this has got to be the poorest attempt to make one ever .
We only see the one old man murdered .
I found this film to be quite an oddity .
I ca not say enough bad things about this film .
You 'd think a channel like that would show more quality films .
With that admittance , let me begin .
It is also unclear how the door to the study is locked , preventing the servants from getting in .
All this is intended to be silly and charming but manages only the silly part .
So the film just becomes a series of episodes involving two people who seem , well , not terribly interesting .
Just a bad handling of a situation and circumstances all the way around here .
Perhaps the most disappointing aspect was the monster .
This one was a bit painful to sit through .
No construct successfully joins the pieces ... tedium sets in .
What this actually does is to give the viewer a headache .
Not a bad premise , but executed with a bevy of low budget mistakes .
There is internal conflict , to be sure .
Anyway , do not even bother to watch this movie .
The characters are shallow and unintelligent .
The sad part is that there 's no punchline to that comment .
Fist off i will give credit where credit is due .
Overall a very forgettable show but with nice winners .
Nevertheless there is not a single original thing in this movie .
Finally , the story is completely transparent .
This type of movies are actually made for flop .
Sadly , having met the director at the presentation , this is not the case .
The horror of being awake during anesthesia was done well at first .
Beware of the psychotic cannibalistic melting humanoid .
That 's what it looks like on screen , anyway .
If you really have to watch this movie because your girlfriend is in a romantic mood , let it be boy .
Traditionally therefore , biopics focus on one or two significant parts in the subject 's life .
Odd that the subway builders never found this thing .
Rod gets a new outfit and a real motorcycle .
Television , except for relatively few exceptions , is such crud .
The story presents us with two couples , both with very obvious marital problems .
Story was predictable and at times felt quite formulated .
I have just watched the movie for the first time .
We can only afford to hire him for one day .
The picture is muddy and inconsistent , often strobing .
Things happen for no apparent reason characters appear and disappear .
The man kisses her and realizes he is kissing a dead corpse , which is utterly disgusting .
The fakeness of the accents as well as the tightness of the cardigan spandex pants are just staggering .
And then force these cheese head to watch it over and over again .
I like to rent bad movies with my friends and rip on them for their duration .
Leaving behind the fact that my basic understanding of physics is enough to debunk half the film .
Bruce also finds nothing wrong with savagely beating up a crippled man .
The whole project goes bad , when the creation goes berserk .
There 's nothing funny about forced humor .
It 's annoying and it happens a lot throughout the movie .
I could not even look during the snogging scene .
This religious element actually ruined the viewing experience for me .
I , on the other hand , thought it looked weird enough to warrant a watching .
I am absolutely aghast that a project with this much potential should have been mistreated so reprehensibly .
Just about every cop movie cliché is present and accounted for .
Also , let 's have a little conflict in these scripts .
The bitterness and resentment of the filmmaker towards his stepfather is obvious .
Kitt plays an owner of a bordello and they 're is so much nudity in the film .
I stayed conscious , for the entire movie .
Hyuck seems to just smear it all over the picture and by doing so dangerously overplays his hand .
This movie does not even have good acting , only good effects .
Gornick 's direction sticks to the nasty and rather gooey side .
It is incoherent , it is not experimental , it 's plain and simple garbage .
However , the wife is quite pregnant and they are not currently sleeping together .
Many of them bear a strong similarity to home movies featuring obnoxious relatives mugging for the camera .
I love gore , and the gore in this film did nothing for me .
Anyways , back to the bunch of horny photographers and docile models .
Shots are held way too long for no dramatic reason , or cut off before the impact of the scene can be realized .
I 'd imagine them to have some self respect also .
At least the book managed to flesh out its hokey conspiracy theory .
Surely he has some power to pick and chose .
I actually ca not recall at the moment whether there are horses in the syberberg film .
If singer tried to make a romantic titanic like movie to crash the box office record , he failed .
Overall , the movie is just garbage .
The general idea in the first movie was , if not great , then at least very interesting .
The show should 've came to an immediate halt by the time the cast wanted bigger salaries .
The film is never boring , moving at a quick , if haphazard , pace .
There was no discussion of ' bravery ' or ' cowardice ' .
First off , the whole setup is incredibly contrived .
Apart from that you are going to love some special effects , they are really cheesy and bad .
I also found that this movie may have no sense .
This little piece of cubic zirconia just is not worth the effort .
Ethel retaliates by strangling him with a wire noose on the stairs and then .... well , you get the idea .
Hopefully this is one set of hills that wo not be visited again .
Yet there is not a single scene , flashback or not , where they are actually ever found together .
They should have never made a movie of this .
Weird story about a druid witch who tries to capture eternity by inheriting her granddaughter 's body .
I like silent films , but this was a little too moronic .
Not even the swearing and the insults she tells other people made me laugh .
Despite the passage of time , many of the characters are always wearing the same clothing .
I would rather get a root canal than view this film again .
The villain 's dialog sounds as if it were written by a romance novelist .
Keep in mind , this singular shot occupies at least half the movie .
Perhaps because great operas can have silly stories he tolerated this one .
Go ahead and limit your own by watching this crap if you want , but keep in mind that neurons do not grow back .
Kindly old couple care for weary hero and get murdered for their troubles .
The idiots involved should never be allowed to make another films .
Cats are deadly to them , so they set traps in their yard to try and keep the population down .
The scene in which he gets arrested is just simply a shame to modern television .
I do not recall ever seeing a cast of annoying actors that actually caused me nausea .
You ca not tell because she 's either drunk or high or just mumbling idiotically .
Alice is not the kind of woman who courts sympathy either .
The story , the acting , the effects , the women , the action scenes , the ... ahhhh forget it .
There is no reason this film could not have embraced a futuristic technological vision of the book .
I felt not a drop of emotion throughout .
It really was chore to make it all the way through .
Return is for kids and should not be watched by anyone .
The chick from clueless should never be forgiven and she is stripped of any remaining dignity she had .
A film needs to have a reason to be interesting .
Clearly the work of people with no soul , no love or respect for the original work .
There is not a speck of entertainment in this entire film .
The rest are non descript exteriors and drab interiors scenes .
The acting is very bad indeed , but the gore and special effects help make it interesting .
The title creatures wreak havoc at a peaceful little desert town .
If you really hate yourself and want to do some severe damage to your brain , watch this movie .
But the images are cold and emotionally sterile .
I 'm sure that historically this film is delightful but as entertainment goes it just does not make the grade .
The boyfriend was too stupid for his own age .
This film is beautiful to look at , but is like watching really bad experimental theater .
With some notable exceptions of course .
It seemed to have done something involving the projects he chose .
The girl 's reactions just seem dumb .
Highlight the eye in the picture on the main menu for a short scene
In all a movie that 's just ordinary merely because of the cast , and the very low expectations .
His life is totally boring and he does not know how to change it .
Like when she sees a piece of paper with a date on it .
When a photographer and his model are taking snapshots , the guy grabs his assistant and yanks off her top .
It helped spice up some of the tedious scenes .
I fail to see the meaning of her seeing that women across the steet and dropping a child .
I was for the two girls the whole time .
Make a big batch of popcorn and get some apple slices , too .
The battle then ensues as to who should have legal custody of the child .
I also felt that it needed some more excitement or something to keep us awake .
But everyone else was just not going to get it .
The people that are involved in this , and the people that are supporting this have all lost their minds ...
But let 's face it , the lines are not really important .
The boy leafs through the book , his dad does not like his doing that .
An exploitation film perpetrated by the vilest of people .
The caterers and the wardrobe lady all concurred that it appeared to have a lot of swearing and nudity in it .....
Sets are fine , could have been better .
I 'm sure the movie could have been made more interesting .
First of all there is violence used against living creatures to make this film .
You go because you want comedy , however unintentional .
The whole thing is syrupy nostalgia turned in upon itself in some kind of feedback loop .
At the beginning , it was simply a resistance movement .
There were sly reference such as ' they paved paradise to put up a parking lot ' .
None of the main characters have the comedic chops to pull it off .
Instead of running for her life she runs to the kitchen instead to see if the cans are stacked neatly .
And it was by far not as beautifully photographed as the other one .
Really nasty , in my humble opinion .
The ending where he stuffs a rock or a cigarette in the guys barrel .
Otherwise , they 're one hit wonders who never had a hit .
The filmmakers show no insight into the thinking of religious southerners .
The dialogue is so unrealistic , and their entirely insincere portrayal of it emphasizes this even more .
I watched it just three days ago and it 's made almost no impression on me .
Garner gets his gang together for a heist .
If the ranking had a zero , this movie would get it .
Simply because it 's hard or next to impossible to rate it unbiased .
This film should have never been made .
An absolutely atrocious adaptation of the wonderful children 's book .
How a young woman could ' love ' the lieutenant from just glimpsing him was nonsense .
They for sure did nt do any in this movie .
And then the guy who was doubting the guy the mob picked to handle finding the killer .
And then there 's the couple that has to have sex .
They kidnap people , drain the blood from them and feed something locked away in their basement .
I went to see this tonight .. on the first day as the anticipation and hype was too much for me to handle .
I had plenty of time to consider such points of law while watching this dull comedy .
With this movie it 's impossible to tell .
There is so much wrong with the film you ca not help but be amazed at how bad it really is .
The sequel has few worthwhile moments , so the transparency of the stories are even more apparent .
Kilmer 's character disappears for long stretches , his girlfriend is dull , the police are jokes .
Find a good classic forties or fifties film noir instead of wasting two hours on this failure .
Could not even get the continuity right .
A guy walks down a country lane , a lot .
I 'm sure the man is turning in his grave .
I 'm sure it was not a stretch for those actresses to play those characters .
Women love that but let me tell you girls something ...
I would have thought he would put on a better show , given the fact that he has been acting talented for years .
He must find the golden child or the world is in terrible peril .
There 's no room in legitimate acting for her .
I wo not waste my time describing it .
They are the production of course , hoping for a few more easy dollars .
There is full frontal nudity and disgusting language .
The snake fight has to be one of the most incompetent action sequences ever filmed .
Voiceless shadows in the background , of no consequence .
If you do not believe me , search for him on the internet , and read the articles some people have of him .
To add to the overall experience , the end left me shaking my head .
At the lab we are introduced to the invisible gorilla who is becoming increasingly violent .
There is a scene where she wanders off during the night .
And the music , do not even get me started .
This film acts like an introvert person .
I had hard time watching the darn movie ...
The movie portrays just about every victim as someone who deserved to be hurt .
The interview was filmed before the movie was released .
That in reality the wife could not defend herself against a little bitty of a thing .
He enters the door and has a gun shoved in his back by a yegg , but he outwits the heavy and knocks him out .
The first reason is that his ideas are too random and sporadic .
And the characters were not very interesting .
I think this rang true for everyone else who watched it too as the applause were low and quick at the end .
The humans are slaves and are used for eugenics and organ donation .
We then spent an hour trying to explain it to them .
However ... the transformation does not take place .
The dream sequences only lack the hazy transitions .
Do yourselves a favor and totally skip this by all means necessary .
Too bad , because this could have been great .
It 's all the kind of seizure inducing crap that keeps children in bed at night .
I could go buy a cheap synthesizer and crank out better opening music .
He left , and that was the end of it .
Too bad it is not the least bit thrilling .
History does not exactly say they were or were not .
The problems are too numerous to list ...
But if you choose to watch it just do not be unsuprised .
Although all the actors were supremely talented , there were some really bad casting choices .
An overabundance of subplots can not mask the weakest of the central storyline .
The story of this movie was only meant for kids .
Even though , the final ending should 've been longer .
You just know the director was not in control .
Unbelievable how slow and drawn out that last hour was .
Sadly it 's not the end and months later the rapist is resurrected as a zombie by a coven of satanists .
Lifetime you have sunken to whole new low .
No wait , they do not , they actually get all happy and like cos there 's free booze .
I do not know any who act like any of the characters in the film .
If that music appeals to you this is worth watching .
What made me laugh was how the ninjas were put off by how brave and clever these two were .
Please if you have seen this film write here and put an end to shlock .
There are surprises , twists and turns , reverses and excitements .
I must say it is really hard to empathize with any of the characters depicted in the movie .
He cares more about screwing foreign volunteers than the health of his dying mother .
I could probably make a better movie than him .
The movie is something about rats turning into monsters and going on a killing spree .
He is only in it for a maximum of five minutes .
Many times throughout the movie you can tell the writer and director did not have much experience or talent .
On the positive side , the movie does not skimp on showing the monster .
I must admit , it were not my cup of tea .
Waste of time watching it , faint heavens l only hired it .
Please do not watch any part of this film .
I guess being psychotic was good enough .
I fault everyone else involved for not trying to make a better film of this .
The sit com take off involving the single girl and her boyfriend was just plain bad high school humor .
It was not scary , or funny , or cool , or anything .
Neither controversial , nor ordinary .
It needed some dependence on something .
Trash dreck about some guy getting a haircut , and a great ending .
Actually , it does not go anywhere .
I 've seen better teenage werewolf movies in my time , this one however , takes the cake .
They have to bring a dates in order to get into the wedding .
Secondly , the actors can not play in a realistic manner .
His acting was good but it could have been better .
Even at the beginning of the film , character relationships and history are inferred instead of explained .
I honestly ca not believe what passes for entertainment now .
She likes all sort of animals and locks all her furs away .
You have not seen dysfunctional families until you 've seen this bunch .
No , he is not so much a brat , as he is a kid with severe emotional problems .
If your spouse wants to watch it , you 're better off finding another soulmate .
If you 're shooting a movie that takes place in the desert , take the effort to actually go to the desert .
He was has some funny scenes which are the high point of the movie .
Without a feeling of sorrow , his mother is convinced to tell the doctor that he 's dead .
The assassination attempt is , of course , unsuccessful , if overly melodramatic .
Plus it 's got built in quality sequels .
The military tries feebly to kill the monster , which is not much larger than a man .
It would not be so bad except that video game developers keep giving their best properties to this guy .
Instead , it was a major city at this time , it 's best days already passed by .
The tense mood that we are supposed to experience is completely spoilt by the childish looking room .
I did not see a scope on that thing .
The movie promotes lying and cheating to win .
It simply sells a little taste of fake latinamerican culture .
Neither are they very interesting , intricate or sophisticated .
Not a single person from this episode or what have you should come away unscathed .
An attempt at injecting a dose of liberal social commentary is awkwardly shoehorned in .
Do not go to see this film deceived by the cheery box into thinking it s safe for the kids .
The one thing the two films have in common is that both are laughably bad .
Old shop keep reveals several terrible truths .
A few girls in particular seemed to be overly attached .
This is one , well , bizarre movie .
André a son who seeks to control his inner passions with the stagnant philosophy of his father .
Some very graphic scenes and ... well , yeah , that 's about all for this film .
There was some decent writing with some elements of structure in there , a good cast , some good acting .
Lots of scenery chewing with little payoff .
For the protagonist to aim at such an audacious goal , she is mightily empty .
I recommend anyone considering watching this movie read it first before contributing to a cult 's coffers .
Not one of the better pokemon movies .
When it finally did happen , in the closing minutes , it was too little too late ..
The producers of this film offer to pay funeral expenses for anyone who dies of fright while watching this movie .
Alive , like all of his films has an interesting plot , some nifty sequences and a fair amount of creativity .
But then every successful director gives a few horrible movies alongwith some hits too .
I could make a better movie with my cellphone camera .
The sex scenes were unnecessary , and often too long .
I know , but hey , coincidences happen .
Many aspects of the film are creepy and strange .
But the logic is so muddled that it 's impossible to get involved .
I will say another good thing about this movie ... use it if you want to fall asleep very quickly ...
I did just that at its showing , so it succeeded on that level .
There seems to be no passion in anyone 's performances , nor in anyone behind the camera .
We formed our own opinion instead of being force fed a view of them through constant bickering .
There was a quick murder scene and then more talk .
I do not know what type of disgusting monsters enjoy watching these types of movies .
It did not scare me nor interest me either .
No wonder my first relationship only lasted ten years .
I agree with adding this to the list of cult classics to not miss .
Nevertheless , that tagline just about sums it up .
Begin with the premise that a man may become a werewolf after being bitten by a yeti .
However , the movie encourages that we control our surroundings with our minds .
But they ca not put it at the start because then they give the plot away ...
They move with very little fluidity and often the animation is jerky and strange .
Only a handful of the segments are engaging here .
But where it also falls down is in the zombies themselves .
After the splendor of the first film this came as a massive dissapointment .
We are not given the reason for the children 's demise .
The rewarding career is just a swing , push and shot away .
I do not understand why movies like these are made and who is funding them .
You do not get really either of these in the video .
He can make an acute observation and wrap it around a punch line like nobody else .
I went from hating the woman 's rapist to almost feeling bad for him .
If you are looking for a real horror or gore movie , though ... do not ' bother .
In this movie , his gadget legs were telescopic instead of springs .
He is told that the health inspector that the ants could not be the hero .
Then he scores with a really hot chick and realises he loves this dowdy bird who played hard to get .
Most of the actors went on to better things , and it 's lucky this bomb did not hold them back .
Ryder does nothing believable except look young and idealistic .
The story and movie is far from original .
Film was completely suffocated by blank video and sound shots and most of it looks like raw film material .
I should say he fixates on the past girlfriend .
But there lies also some of the problems of this picture .
Of course , only half the movie contains acting .
This was apparently meant to be very offbeat , and in that regard it succeeded .
They drive them out into the desert and then steal all of their valuables .
Of course , as the vampire blood is transfused into him , none of his healthy blood is removed .
This movie is a bad memory from my childhood .
But then they gaze around at their newfound paradise .
If only the torture was prolonged enough to be thoroughly effective , then my rating would have differed greatly .
What is lacking here is genuine suspense and energy .
This cop pulls women over , cuffs them and leads them to a warehouse .
The episodes have coherent stories but that 's not nearly enough to keep this from sinking .
Turns out it 's way too sleazy for its own good , or bad , or whatever .
Do not let the title trick you into watching this movie .
If the class of the cars were to match that of the movie , they should be racing with rusted bicycles .
But this collection of video footage can boast of no plot , no real characters , and no momentum .
It s a linear plot with no development and surprises in any way .
If you ca not run with the big dogs do not leave the porch kept running through my bored mind .
Actually the matter this time is totally unbearable .
The others are acting immaturely and can not convince the viewer .
Garbage is garbage , no matter how you splice it .
I thought the lead actor was very flat .
At least there is some type of entertainment value .
Some scenes are out of focus or taken from the wrong angle .
If you 're going to make a horror movie , at least make it believable .
It also fails to deliver its message in a convincing manner .
Just some examples of the lazy writing within the movie .
See it if you 're interested , but only if you 're in the mood for something really out of the ordinary .
There are long , intrusive musical passages by the ship 's dance orchestra .
But this film should never have been made .
Also , there is a scene with a snake and a romanian girl that just does not make sense at all .
For the most part , the film is quite ridiculous .
However , there are tonnes of bad things to say about this film .
Occasionally an eerie mood is set only to be broken by some useless line or event .
There is not a single aspect of this thing that does not suck .
Floyd meets his demise dramatically .
The story was okay , but it could have been more developed .
It 's just an hour or two of mindless violence .
The actors were on par with high school drama geeks who think that are going places .
It is really not difficult to make a film such as this .
I hope so , because at least that idea is funny .
He is an actor with brains and wit , not to mention face , pectorals and all the rest .
Continuing the doll business is problematic for everyone involved and eventually seems impossible .
To do a film that is so bad must be an indication that she needs money .
We tried very hard to find something in this film to keep our interest .
Two years before he wrote and directed
The events in it are completely random and make little or no sense .
Do yourself a favour and give this movie a wide berth .
The never stopping flow of hints and combinations was not very convincing either .
Perhaps it was because a character pumps his fist while driving away from the camera during a fade out .
Finally , the editing was not well done , either .
Maybe he got loads of money from the producers .
What the writers and directors do not understand is that merely being filthy and tasteless does not work .
Ann , home alone on a wintry day , decide to make some taffy .
This movie is so wasteful of talent , it is truly disgusting .
This show should be pulled from the air .
It was hard to follow and maybe it was the translation but it was even hard to understand .
A round flesh colored balloon with a face in the middle .
Or they could just try writing something just a little bit believable .
If you look at it as a comedy , then you will notice most of the humor falls flat and is just lame .
They could have tried much more harder than this ...
But a lot of it was clichés one after another .
Neither are involved with their characters or with each other .
It suffers , in my opinion , mainly from the fact that it just does not exist .
By the end , she 's learned nothing and has not changed one whit for the better .
Jane , played by legendarily bad actress
Of course tastes differ and that 's alright .
I 'm sure that someone ate cheerios for four days straight during the same time .
There is one funny scene that has to do with a news broadcast .
I like wen they are a lot of creativity behind them .
Since it does not , the movie falls apart .
The movie follows what is known as the bible code rather than following actual biblical scripture .
What laughs there are to be had are few and far between .
At least six people got up and left the movie early .
Not only do you recognize them from the band lordi , but they are seriously malplaced in the movie .
I was pretty intrigued by the whole thing .
He seriously need to form a new image to his fans that would impress them again and again .
The way in which the husband , wife and child trio interact is particularly unrealistic .
I can not recommend this , for it is neither poetic , nor blunt .
You need to fail before you succeed . by
I suppose it says something that people are fascinated by the magical properties of remote controls .
No real skill or talent was put into making this at all .
But ...he can not be so hunky as to threaten to the male audience , and he ca not outshine the star .
But after the bad influencing intro , a very striking movie begins and keeps going for a fairly long enough time .
The gags are quick and sometimes not even funny .
Well , as in any thriller , here too are murders , corpses and blood .
The only hope is a lone avenger and a group of ragtag survivors .
The goldfish was basically the most sympathetic character .
The stars in the sky are so phony they almost sound off a dial tone .
This must be some kind of sick joke .
There are much , much better gay and lesbian themed films out there .
He sees her for awhile and then he apparently is not seeing her anymore .
And when they do , get this , they 're played by real tomatoes .
Instead it creates some kind of monster that needs to eat human flesh and brains .
But here , it actually has some entertainment value .
Yes , it 's humour so twee a nun would be bored .
I see absolutely no reason why this fine book should be adapted in this way .
On paper , this sounds like a great idea .
I think that if you anticipate something so much that it becomes a dire need , it turns out not to be worth it .
To me it seems like it 's more of a look what we can do kind of movie instead of a real film .
I just wish the movie had been as good as it looks .
But again this did not seem to be the case here .
Pointless cuts to video game footage .
Started watching it and almost from the outset it failed to live up to expectations .
You leave the theater feeling unsatisfied .
Trying too hard to be terrifying , lacking good dialogue even any fear for that matter really makes
Like the women are just throwing themselves at him all the way down the trail .
Also , some scenes may have been just a little unnesicary .
None of the actors really stood out at me .
I was too insulted by this attempt at humor and satire to do anything but roll my eyes at the screen .
The random dancing is filler that actually feels like filler .
The event that occurred in the movie seemed more like contrived coincidence than anything .
Planet must be ashamed of themselves .
The opening scenes involving ax murders were very convincing .
Do not know where they got that idea from .
I went to see this movie with the most positive expectations .
You saw off the branch you 're sitting on .
Each letter was connected to a separate question , all starting with that word or phrase .
Also the pacing was wrong for a movie like this .
Nope , it has a pretty boy with a cute lil ' knife .
Because this one just is not all that good .
I was pleased with the pacing , the camera angles , etc .
Its execution , however , is another matter entirely .
Finally , and most significantly , there is the quality of the adaptation .
I am so not surprised because that is so very predictable .
There they were , just standing on the sidewalk blasting away while people ducked for cover .
As for the story , it was fairly interesting , but rather slow .
Hodgepodge had been under a spell by the queen , and owes
The dialog is cheap , and sexual clichés are all over it .
It looks like it was totally made by amateurs .
In fact , the whole movie is peppered with directing faux pas such as these .
There are great , long moments of screen time when literally nothing happens .
But this effort , in a time of war , would meet international criteria to be classified as an atrocity .
The humor level of this show appears aimed at little kids , yet the subject matter does not .
Otherwise , the storyline was very similar , just rushed .
Pictures that usually glorify a hero have meaning .
No story at all , no message behind beautiful exploited talents .
Cause , lets face it , it s a mediocre and self righteous show .
So , her voice has very little inflection .
But even worse , is that this film represents the beginning of the end of really smart , sophisticated comedy .
The reason for this is the fact that she has been mutated beyond belief .
The kills are not very creative and the zombies are not too crafty .
Even the real bad guys , get killed off too easily without too much of a fight .
He had to outsmart a computer that calculated everything it saw .
The whore mangler of the title is an angry low budget filmmaker who murders a bunch of hookers .
The plot is just a stream of consciousness .
Plotwise , the movie is a caper tale , with a small gang of bumbling misfits planning a big heist .
They realize too late that someone is stalking them .
This type of not did not strangle the person , it killed them at the end of the drop .
It is a cute documentary but it documents a stupid thing .
The lights are already shining on the truth .
As the story plods along at a snails pace there are a few rapes , but none are shown on screen .
Elvis gets in the picture and his talent is wasted big time , especially on the rest of the featured songs .
This could have been an a good movie .
This movie looks like a remake of any other ordinary detective dramas from the past .
It 's not supposed to be satirical or ironic .
Arbuckle accidentally eats a thermometer and is taken to surgery .
Another thing , these people constantly allow themselves to be completely lorded over by some ' bad guy ' .
Mac even goes so far as to have one of the women drugged in order to keep her from discovering his cheating .
Well , the nostalgia factor ends right there , this is just bad .
None of the actors cast are particularly good .
The player 's reaction is to die for .
Eddie , a wussy ' metal ' nerd who gets picked on .
They went legit and have gotten better .
Of the nineteen credited actors , a whopping thirteen never appeared in any other film .
As the movie started out it had potential to be pretty decent , even though it was unoriginal .
Unfortunately too many of his fight stunts are so clearly fake that it took even that enjoyment out of it .
It only prolonged the suffering of those of us watching the movie .
It can take one to ten shots or more to incapacitate any character , and there 's no rhyme or reason to it .
Identification with any of the characters is unlikely .
It 's the kind of movie that give horror series a bad name .
A few of the films nominated for the ' razzie ' awards were far better .
A few sticking points for me are , well the irritating narration is one of them , and it 's so obviously written .
It 's definitely not suited for younger children .
The inconsistent plot starts with a guy raping and murdering a woman stranded at the side of the road .
It is not even particularly successful in its central conceit of trying to appear as a single continuous take .
It 's an emotionally draining experience just thinking about writing about this film , so goodbye .
I am not sure what the purpose of that was .
People getting kicked is not funny .
Even if the result lately are rather poor .
Just about everything in this movie is wrong , wrong , wrong .
The ending , by the way , was completely over my head .
The character development and story line are telegraphed to the viewer throughout the picture .
The comedy also had the tendency to add in unnecessary scenes to lengthen the story .
It is an odd choice to be sure , the kind of thing that deserves an explanation .
After he leaves the hospital , he finds his wife has been cheating on him too .
Dying does not make anybody special .
Many fans hate on the series for including a female turtle , but that did not bother me .
Salman khan can not play comic roles .
Everything else about this movie irritated me .
The identity is not revealed towards the end , and motive is pretty thin , and we really do not care .
There are some funky elements here and there , and obviously the flick did have a decent budget .
In this case , becomes increasingly difficult to swallow .
If that 's your cup of tea , more power to you .
And the reasons are obvious as soon as the plot is given .
I like low budget movies and weird flicks but this one had me bored to death .
Not looking properly they careen into another car and one or more of them are killed .
Then there 's the music , none of which is memorable , and all of which is sung by actors who ca not sing .
They were not given any characters or good lines to work with .
Just do not expect any humor other than the sometimes howlingly bad dialogue .
I remembered this show from when i was a kid .
The moral of the story was really befuddling .
The reason this is not convincing lies in his lack of experts on the subject matter .
It 's all a bit clumsy and aimless , with no real sense of urgency or direction .
Secondly , this film is unimaginatively serious .
I would not be so disappointed with it if had a limited release .
Kind of cutish but nothing special , quite average .
And the final result of the film is an insult to justice , movie codes , and the male species .
It was a dull , not very entertaining movie .
The result proves that he has by far not enough experience or skill to achieve the desired result .
The only thing that might keep you watching is the unmotivated violence and gore .
In ways that make you want to fill your ears with hot wax so you do not have to endure his snow puns anymore .
Redundant , everlasting shots , useless shots , useless scenes are what you will find in this film .
Never bothered to post a comment on here before , but this piece of crap really warrants it .
I hoped that at least fighting scenes will be good , but that 's even more funny than the plot .
He is , however , not a person who can carry a movie in dueling roles no less .
It appears that only one director will live on in the annals of history .
Lastly , the plot was thin in both movies .
She 's just not convincing in the role .
That could not have been further from the truth .
Go to your local mega chain video rental store and see what 's on the shelves .
This is not exactly my idea of a fun topic and the film footage closely resembled a collection of home movies .
None of them should ever have happened .
Let alone how she kills the moronic thugs one by one .
However , repeatedly throughout the episode he fell out of character .
This one 's had three strikes too many .
The kids in the movie were average but could have been cast better .
I wan na know the casting director and if he was high because the acting , even from the adults was horrid .
You see him as some other crazed pop star instead .
I believe that this movie was like most sequels and did not surpass their original .
The plot runs around four friends who are having dinner together .
The guy with the mustache goes out in the fog for some reason even though the old lady tells him not to .
To go in five years from that classic flick to this pile of dung is nothing short of shocking .
It 's too bad the episode can not live up to this incredible premise .
I do not watch much television and came across this show .
The writing made me very nervous , too .
He then chases the girl and slashes her throat .
And the apt. did look pretty cramped to me .
I can not suggest this film to anyone .
There is not a black person in it , and there is not one funny thing in it either .
The dinosaurs costumes are so poorly made , and i do mean costumes .
From beginning to end , there is no respite from the gray , grinding reality of this woman 's life .
Because it does a lot of old jokes and the acting was just stupid .
It just ca not bear the weight of all this noodling .
The script clomps from event to event , leaving puzzlers aplenty .
The film is essentially about frat boy relationships .
If you rented this , please take it back and ask for a refund .
Fault must lie with the irresponsibly wrought script .
Not one of the better responses to said challenge .
I do not revile this film simply for its abundance of sleazy and unpleasant images .
I would have liked to write about the story , but there was not any .
You see , the idea of acting is to hide the fact that you 're acting .
And if by some foul mistake you do end up watching this film , watch out for the intestines .
And do not get me started on the acting .
All dialog is too expositive and there is not one single piece of talk that sounds like a line from a film .
But they still could have done better things with this script than what they did .
He plays an actor who 's star has long stopped rising .
It does not really matter , either way it turned out wrong and to me this movie failed on all accounts .
It seemed like someone had set out to revisit cheeseball epics like
Again , it 's only the acting that prevented a much lower score .
I 'm still trying to block this out .
There could have been some blockbuster dance numbers in this presentation .
First of all , it did not even go all the way through the first book .
I never got beyond the shallowness of the contrived , purported message of this film .
She makes friends with a penguin and a walrus and here is where it is awful .
Kornbluth grew up in this neighborhood , and his compassion for the people is evident throughout .
The script should have made more sense as well as the directing .
The fools who made this thing perpetrated a crime against reality .
It is dated , dull , and formulaically chaotic .
First of all the location is wrong and does not work .
For undemanding viewers , an interesting flashback to another time and place .
Plus , the side plots with his little brother are so sappy and lame .
There 's no fear involved , no suspense whatsoever , nor any surprises .
This juxtaposition alone makes the film laughable .
The last reviewer was very generous .
I went into this movie with high hopes .
We have close to a dozen stories which are not connected in any meaningful way .
They should have just made this a concert film .
Not one laugh , the jokes were recycled and originality was obviously no factor .
The entire cast mumbled all their lines so it was hard to follow what was going on .
However , it is spoiled for two reasons and both of these reasons in relation make this film simply disgusting .
Only to be offed again , literally within a minute .
The fact that this crap was actually released is completely asanine .
He runs around looking at the architecture of the church .
A film like this is frustrating because of its lack of depth ....
When they catered to the junior high school crowd , any sense of self respect was tossed out the window .
There was usually one mike used in any given scene in this movie .
This is what bothered me with this flick .
I do not really know where to start .
No character or relationship development .
When his wife asks for sex , he punishes her by masturbating in her presence instead .
People were arriving there hoping to fulfill their dreams .
Or , alternately , could have been so cold blooded and yet worry about and care for his own daughter .
Any blokes who like it , are the ones us ladies can be sure to stay far away from .
Zombie movies are not about people killing zombies .
Very clumsily done , very pathetic .
Learn to write , learn to act , learn to produce , and learn to direct .
They 're the studios ' deep dark secret .
Without context , you can say and prove anything you want .
Sometimes , a bad script is saved by a brilliant filmmaker .
This is only a superposition of scenes without a clear link .
The two main characters never talk .
I watched this movie after having so much of trouble in downloading it through rapidshare .
Then , they went and spoilt it all in the last fifteen minutes .
She is brunette where the cartoon version was blonde with pigtails .
The rest of the voice work is decidedly uninspired , with very little to bring the characters to life .
The rest of the voice work is decidedly uninspired , with very little to bring the characters to life .
And it 's all downhill from there in terms of the characters representing typical kibbutznikim .
The show tries to poke fun at stereo types and other things that are not funny at all .
More likely , this was the film 's way of not paying extras .
Characters are undeveloped , relationships are not given enough time to be understood .
I give it one star for the hippie sex scenes and eye candy women , otherwise forget it .
It simply misses its mark on every count .
Plus he just shows up for no reason .
I do not think so , but do not ask me .
What was missing was a story and treatment which made it funny or charming or interesting .
If handled by a good director or caring cast that is .
The visuals were interesting , but they did not enhance the scenes .
I just find that all of the characters are way too possessive when it comes to someone they love .
This movie should have never been made .
The other sister tries to take him away .
Entertainment is known for making trash cinema , but most of their films are b movie gold .
Saying sorry does not get him off the hook .
Sorry to be so blunt but it 's the truth .
It looks as if it was shot on video .
I do not like the character at all .
He had absolutely no class , or charisma .
This roughie could have been much rougher .
The only way you can get to the main road is by hiking five miles through the woods .
Sometimes less is more , after seeing the same thing over and over again it gets stale .
This movie wastes virtually every actor 's talents in what could best be charitably called a potboiler .
The characters never go into detail about anything .
What really kills it is the incoherent sequences .
This movie is pretty bad and should be locked away forever .
I do not see how any actor would want their name associated with this film .
I always looked forward to those days .
Antonioni 's movies have aged not well .
They have a plastic surgeon that can produce perfect looking skin on an industrial scale .
A wall surrounds the palace to keep her in and morgana out .
The baddies in this film are furry and do not like silver but in every other respect they behave like vampires .
Someone who you would love to kill or torture would be a prime candidate for this film .
Well there is some , although it is rather cheap and the action is executed very poorly .
They need to be forced to watch this movie over and over until the end of eternity .
I was on the verge of taking the movie and burn it .
We 're talking prehistoric electronic bumblebee noise .
We 're talking prehistoric electronic bumblebee noise .
The story was decent , but moved too slowly for my tastes .
Attempted satires on the industry are broad and childlike in their conception .
And there was the cliché moment near the end when dad tells
But even given that , this is not a film that particularly engaged me , despite a predisposition to like it .
I ca not imagine anyone enjoying this if they did not already have an interest in sexual fetishism .
The film is full of clise and no thrilling .
I liked the plot but the execution was done horribly .
Now either she got the tape from one of the professors or the script writers just did not have a clue .
Meandering nonsense , huffing and puffing with a message .
A romantic story without good enough reason for romance is due to failure from start .
Whoever made this movie must have done it as a joke .
However , this movie took a good story and turned into tripe .
This film is melodramatic , occasionally stupid .
Save your bucks , it 's not worth the rental .
The acting is poor , but the animation and music is pretty good .
As a horror movie it does not work .
It turns victims into something like drunken zombies .
Pick up the guns , pickets and explosives , he says .
This musical has numerous problems .
I ca not believe they 'd make a third one .
As is usual in this series , crime scene protocols are unheard of so plausibility is always lacking .
The villain , the cop , the others ... who cares .
The talking heads take it even further .
Well , there is , but it 's the kind glimpsed through a crack in the door to our parent 's bedroom .
My friends were sort of frightened by it too .
But not in a way that really results in anything of much mystery or action .
I 'm not sure if this is called style or laziness or simply , lack of funds for special effects .
What is shocking and wild in college rarely holds up over time , and this is proof .
The actual movie wo not tell you anything else .
You never see the kills an only hear screaming and you see some blood on the wall .
They gave it a ' happy ending ' and changed a lot of the dialogue , and it 's just a big pile of saccharine .
Really because those backwood idjits would not have been in the picture .
Written by a woman , and directed by another .
There is no nudity or gratuitous sex scenes .
They are argumentative and keep on disagreeing on what their want to spend their money on .
They engage in humorous banter with each other .
It not only look senseless , but also draggy .
This film is pure , distilled , unadulterated boredom .
This film is mild , inoffensive and lacklustre .
Cusack 's character loses all credibility at the end , of which without revealing it , is preach and nauseous .
In fact , the main character lives in a mansion .
Cut is a film about some film students making a film .
However , there 's a difference between making a dumb comedy that 's funny , and making a dumb comedy .
I assume from those two novels that all of his novels are changed greatly and the endings are always cheesy .
Unless you want to study it for all the wrong things you should not do to make a good film .
A very bad movie , to be avoided by any serious horror fan .
To realize that bag means that the butcher came back is too hard for her tiny tiny brain .
Going to be hard to spread the word about it if normal users ca nt even open it ...
She gets trapped inside a pool and the killer pokes at her with a chainsaw .
Lee must have better things to do that put out garbage like this .
You know , like the one about daddy 's car and mommy 's garage .
The main highlight of this film is one scene towards the end .
What ever you do steer clear of little man .
The girl stabs a zombie with a machete and is immediately surrounded .
The soldier wakes up from his grave in the form of zombie and kill them for taking revenge on his behalf .
Product placement is pointless in this film , and it shows .
So i guess something in this movie showed some quality .
They would have loved this movie everything from some of the songs and some of the clothing were wrong .
Although the plot is not even as good .
That exact same thing happens over and over and over again .
There , she is mistaken for a long dead woman , and the real soap opera theatrics begin .
The characters are uniformly unpleasant , and plot makes no sense .
There is virtually no budget and the film does not look nearly as polished as this .
They took a sleazy story , miscast it , miswrote it , misfilmed it .
Laughtracks destroy humour by preventing quick comebacks .
Joanna is now on a desperate search for answers .
So you see the recycled footage over and over again , as if you had not seen it already .
Low key , often to the point of blandness , action comedy mostly just does not work .
Low key , often to the point of blandness , action comedy mostly just does not work .
Usual funny banter and antics , but not much plot .
His turn to martial arts films was a serious misstep in my humble opinion .
And literally in the presence of hundreds of witnesses who do nothing to stop it .
Her soft dreamy voice gives the only hint at just how seductively dangerous these odd creatures can be .
What we have here is the shallow skin of a good movie without anything on the inside .
This could be funny if done on purpose , but it 's merely inept .
It makes you wonder if it 's being bad on purpose .
This is amazingly contrived but somehow it manages to work .
Disbelief can not be suspended , nor can a befit of a doubt be given .
Just ' cause it 's a foreign flick does not mean it 's any good .
The largest casualty of the weekend is the men 's commonsense .
This is by far the film 's biggest flaw .
Besides being dysfunctional , some of it was not the least bit believable .
It 's also smart to not have any explanation for where the virus comes from .
I can not even remember everything about this film that was wrong .
The parents are obviously horrible and the children should be taken to child services .
I would not recommend it if you have something better to do .
Second , the young daughter of a technical writer is found with her throat slashed .
The fact that we know the end makes the movie boring .
Five seconds later , the blast dissipates and all is clear .
Max , the younger , has a major cocaine addiction .
Other than that , there 's not much to bother with when it comes to this film .
Seriously though , there 's all illness that causes their organs to fail and ultimately disintegrate .
He had the chance to make an original surf movie , but he wanted to make a monster movie .
That 's pretty much all that happens for about half the movie .
Why do not we just let history speak to the merits of what you do , filmmaker guy .
This is a film that proves to be incredibly ambitious and inept at the same time .
During that time he fights a bear twice .
The ending is romantic and positive .
Charis character was a blond , not that it really matters .
Just do not expect there to be any characters worth cheering for , because there really are not .
There is absolutely nothing entertaining about this film .
Gautham is just running out of stories .
Although a more talented director would have made better use of the facilities he had .
Hell , she 's more of a celebrity who loves being a celebrity .
Put it down and walk away , so yon wo not end up with being a moron like me .
This subject matter deserves a much better script , and final result , than this movie serves up .
An actual documentary on gamers would actually work better .
Numerous fist fight scenes for no apparent purpose .
The movie also fails because it thrusts a lot of sin and redemption into an entertaining story of moral nihilism .
However , the change of heart falls flat .
However , the change of heart falls flat .
A scene where a vampire gets stabbed and screams
However , these become rather monotonous quickly .
Ostensibly a quiz show , it offers contestants huge sums of money for answering a few simple questions .
There were just too many inconsistencies , errors and faked action in this .
They never say why the world is dark , but it is always darkness except for seconds a day .
I mean , that amount of violence and stuff , makes no other sense than to try to shock people .
There are no many cinematic merits in this film .
If you like to comment on films where the script arrive halfway the movie then this is the one .
The woman does not mention her own adultery to her husband .
Not just the one coming from this woman 's eyes .
I expected it to a horror thriller movie , but there was no horror no thriller .
The psycho attacks again , and the guy gets away .
These walks are not two seconds or added so that dialog may be exchanged .
Words really ca not describe how bad this film is .
Hope , this time you manage to achieve an artistic approach .
They took every possible controversial topic and threw it into one stupid story .
This a sure sign that the war flick you are about to see will be a turkey .
Japanese fetishists to get off on girls in trouble and men who have all their brains in their ' other ' heads .
She even slept through it a little .
I do not know what else would explain what was going on .
The bank robbers leave behind millions of dollars in loose currency in the vault they have opened .
An end that would have been debated for weeks .
The film starts out great and then slows down as expected after the first half hour .
Flemming had a chance to perhaps get a good discussion going , if he was more tactile with his interview .
Still , it is interesting to see how such accomplished performers make the most of the weak writing .
The story is about this metal high school kid who idolizes this really bad heavy metal singer .
In this particular one , none of that happens .
Wu 's charm makes acceptable the plot idea of her old employer wanting her so much .
We do not get to know them , hence we do not get to care for them .
The films drags along at a pretty slow pace without much at all happening .
This film might have weak production values , but that is also what makes it so good .
I will be more sorry if you feel the need to watch the film on account of me , so please do not .
The director of the film has completely missed the point of the novel .
But maybe there is nothing to understand about it anyway .
After the faulty script the weakest point of the movie is its music .
This marked the official death of scariness to the series .
No tension , no thrills , no gore , no cast .
There are a few news photos that got posted .
A suitably convoluted plot was obviously thought to be more important than political consistency .
I would not be surprised if she slept with the ice cream man too because this is a very boring movie .
The movie is completely lacking logic or common sense .
His performance is what nearly destroys the movie itself
Remarkably low self esteem is disguised by an almost cartoon like arrogance that he wears like armour plating .
Louque discovers the secret of zombification , but it does not mean much to the viewer .
The scene where the zombies rise , however , is the film 's most ludicrously inept moment .
Name your expletive , and it could be accurately used to describe this film .
After coming off the first one you think the wayans brothers could come up with some new jokes .
One can deal with historical inaccuracies , but this film was just too much .
I figured out early on that this was hopeless .
Gore is the draw , obviously , but the framework is so slapdash it 's annoying .
Most of the characters were insipid .
Although he now looks like superman .
Do yourself a favor and leave it in the bin .
It 's one dimensional and relies upon gore and sound effects to scare you , which it rarely does .
They do not chatter , and they certainly do not sing in choirs .
One of my worst flick fears has come to bitter fruition .
There is the eldest daughter who can not act and is always whining about something .
Just like the two needless sequels that followed this , this is not even worth a laugh .
No squibs , no sparks , no blanks , just waving spraypainted squirtguns around .
I went with a spanish speaking friend who felt the same way .
But it 's really the script that has over the time started to bother me more and more .
At one point , some kids are wandering thru the deeper levels , exploring .
I feel as if the movie was like adjoining ridiculous jokes into an unformed wretched ball of raw sewage .
Even then , the acting for the most part was contrived and was not believable .
Such things as dune buggies , drag racing , custom paint jobs and car shows are discussed .
I want to find the people responsible for this disaster and slap them around the face .
That 's not a joke nor is it fictional .
I was pegged with a delusional disorder .
The film has very little context for the time , place or character .
I wanted to see something newer and fresher .
The characters who go on a murder spree are not fighting the institution , they 're just killing people .
Beautifully photographed and ably acted , generally , but the writing is very slipshod .
There are some laughs , but they are few and far between .
Carradine , despite the script , actually gives a very good performance .
But they still did not manage to turn it into a story or a movie .
I think the problem is the director just does not move things along at the right pace .
If you have the time and wish to discover just how bad a picture can be then you will want to see this one .
He starts out having guns and not using them .
Two houses , one street , one phone booth , one car , a girl next door , a boy next door and a zombie .
Even if you walk in smog , you will feel better not having suffered through this shambles .
Many events , characters , how the character interact and meet in the book are simply changed or do not occur .
Dead has nothing in common with the movie .
I mean maybe one special episode , but an entire series is just dumb .
Things happen completely randomly so that more people can be eaten , or so something can explode .
If you like bad movies then this is for you .
However , it was by no means good enough to justify sitting through the first ninety minutes .
There was no suspense and no plot twists .
What a waste of a perfectly good story .
Schiavelli uses what looks like one of those glow sticks to burn incisions in people .
There are various reasons for this .
If you looking for a good soft core lesbian film , you do not want this either .
The movie is so cheesy that it sticks to your teeth .
The footage is not assembled in a very informative way , either .
I could not resist watching it though .
What this equates to is a mindless and totally incoherent film .
If it is not obvious , this film did not sit well with me .
It 's night but light is streaming through the windows .
It basically spends an hour prancing around in the woods , chopping up wood and blabbing nursery rhymes .
If someone argues that it is deep , ask for a transcript , and try breaking down the sentences .
There are a couple of scenes where the lines are funny .
Even the filler episodes were interesting .
The supposedly romantic angle was superfluous and a distraction .
The film is tacked together with little regard for whatever state the original shooting script was .
If all this hocus pocus rubbish has not ruined it for you now , it surely will once the movie begins .
I do not understand why people would praise this garbage .
The only thread to the killings is that all victims were matriculates of a common high school .
There is no doubt about the good intentions of the people involved .
Those seeking a decent plot look elsewhere .
She then almost casually runs out from the crowd and joins the other humans .
I saw the movie and was pretty dissapointed .
You hardly even know half the kids who are killed in here .
He claims to speak directly with god ...
The film opens with some beautiful shots of a couple hiking through a valley and into a forest .
And , proudly , they all deliver expertly at looking foolish when trying to act .
I was really intrigued by the story and the mystery of the film .
I could not feel for the characters , there were a lot of cliffhangers , and the movie just ends very weirdly .
But implausibility was piled upon implausibility .
Indeed , the movie employs racist insults .
Regardless , this movie does deliver many laughs .
Bond the role belongs exclusively to one actor .
Also , you really have to stretch your suspension of disbelief to believe the action set pieces .
I wished the filmmakers would have taken their time with this project instead of rushing it into production .
Nothing about either performance was equally impressive .
I would have expected for the wicked wizard to at least fight back a little , but nooooooo ....
Because they were secretive , there were always rumors about their ceremonies , particularly for initiation .
It 's completely different already .
The scar on his nose , symbolizes forgotten villains of black and white cinema .
Afterwards , we tried to get our money back .
Then he deliberately defies his father 's order that he not go swimming because of his poor health .
Reference is also made to making it with monkeys .
It probably earned some of them , but it was not that bad .
There was a couple scenes where they try to make you jump .
Everything was already there .... nothing new to obtain .
Wow , this film was just bloody horrid .
The housewife who is cheated by her husband , meets the anti fascist .
Stay away if you are squeamish , more gore than laughs .
So maybe it is a question of fashion .
There is no happiness , no joy , no laughter in this kibbutz .
Anybody that thinks this movie is good should be mentally evaluated .
The movie , on the other hand , had some overly grating performances .
Pasolini quite often includes images designed to shock , offend , or otherwise disconcert the audience .
Still with all this seeming arbitrariness of the plot , the movie managed to be completely predictable .
Misguided failures to execute nemeses after defeating them in melee .
What drags it to a resounding halt is the love story .
I 'm used to the gory , gut wrenching types ... but this particular movie was lame .
This movie is not worth the film it was photographed on .
She 's no super model , but more of a cute girl next door .
The whole thing turned out to be very small beer and the dénouement was unbelievably feeble .
In one scene a hapless victim gets their arm and leg cut off .
Also , the script and storyline could 've used either a lot of work or a match and some lighter fluid .
I 've read every book to date in the left behind series , and the movie hardly does any of them justice .
Then you eat an underdone hotdog and throw up .
The director lingered on certain scenes for much too long .
Starts out with a opening scene that is a terrific example of absurd comedy .
I did not really want to watch this one .
The movie does what almost every remake does .
I guess it had something to do with working on a ranch .
He was also dating or married to the blonde .
Adapting plays into cinema is often a bad idea because they 're two different mediums .
Whether or not you like lightships or any ships for that matter is irrelevant .
And the block of ice with the thing inside is melting unnaturally quickly .
No , there was no time to get him an uniform first .
You are dragged from one trite piece of dialogue to the next , each pushing the plot like a sack of bricks .
Where there are no characters , there is no character study .
One to put on if you want to convince an impressionable emo chick that you 're like , so deep , man .
One poster here called the movie incoherent .
I 'm sorry folks but enough 's enough .
Women have to die , especially if men are attracted by their sexuality .
This film should be about what is happening on the water , not on land .
All the artist did was limit himself to dime a dozen landscapes .
Also , he should avoid close romantic sequences going forward .
First we have the introduction to all the obligatory characters that a lame movie must have .
And it looks down on people in a disgustingly condescending way .
The problem is , this is totally false .
I did see it all , in spite of the negatives , it was not unwatchable .
Plot is not engaging or suspenseful in the least .
Ah , the things people do for money ....
They 're brains must have really been damaged to come up with a craptacular movie like this .
However , it is squandered through a number of fatal faults .
The visuals range from fairly good to plain boring .
But that alone does not make a movie .
We were calling out the lines ahead of the actors , it was so predictable .
This movie has been pretty well summed up by previous reviewers as rather boring .
Apparently the monsters in this are members of the band , pretty much in their stage personas .
I know someone can be attached to a kid , but this man has adult conversations with this child .
The designer is encouraged to join a group of people who 've had near death experiences .
The biggest crime in casting was the archiologist girl .
But bad comedy is still bad comedy .
And some very interesting new weapons technology that makes the victims heart or brain explode .
All in all the complete litany of the radical religious right wing .
What 's more , it descends into some horrific wretched excess .
It was one of those talk talk talk and bore me to death types .
I found the story convoluted and not all that easy to follow .
Aside from passable stop motion animation , this short offers nothing of interest to me ....
Screenplays not always need be ' chatty ' , but they should at least assist the development of the story .
There are no major laughs , no complex plot lines , no difficult twists .
She is meant to be strange and mysterious but there is no mystery about her .
It 's dramatic it 's sappy it 's immensely dull .
It is sort of like gambling , except the gambling part is gone and it sucks .
Events feel scattered and disconnected .
The series went on , but it just did not have any pizazz .
She 's seems so devoid of anything relatively human bar greed .
The movie starts out okay as it at first seems to be a nice thriller .
Maybe their minutes are measured on a different scale than ours .
But things just continue , getting worse in more ways than one .
Like , the young cop has to do dig up a body .
That , or simply allowed to roam the streets and become a bag woman .
Her husband is way stupid ... and what the heck , she 's way stupid .
He truly is the only one who really can act , his supporting role is better than the main lead .
When it does not , it 's full blown tedium and very , very boring .
If a little more lighting had been used , perhaps it could 've been better .
I would have to say the pictures was much less than the sum of its parts .
The first one is supposed to be a spoof of woman ' grows up ' and launches career movies .
Maybe it all got lost in the translation .
I have never seen a comedy that was this much of a chore to sit thru ... not one laugh in it .
And what s up with all the old men with pool cues .
Price is a little below par compared to his masterpieces , but is still the only reason to watch this thriller .
If you view it as a horror , then it is an unscary movie with the monsters being hand puppets .
In this particular film a psychotic murderer is glorified .
This movie sucks from beginning to end .
I can only conclude this is not drama , not by a long shot .
There are ghost children who sound like they are talking into a wastebasket .
The plot is pretty bad , a millionaire is murdered and his spirt calls upon his daughter to find out who did it .
Additionally , the title makes no sense at all .
There are some funny scenes and comedic bits .
But the movie also suffers from the performance of nearly all the actors .
But the movie also suffers from the performance of nearly all the actors .
It actually did have a plot with substance , but was still pretty stupid .
He is a devoted husband , and excited expectant father .
A nuclear bomb would have sufficed .
Not much wrong with the movie but more how it 's perceived it was very cheesy .
They all are dressed and portrayed to be the same .
This however is sloughed off schlock .
They were pawns filling in dead air space .
Is naturally disastrous and equally unwatchable as she always was .
The director ca not seem to decide .
No scenes of the beautiful hotels or theatres .
The acting and script are not the best .
Let 's see , what it could have been ...
Well in the end the movie lost it 's credibility .
Frewer on the other hand is painful to watch .
That was about the only truly odd thing about it .
Even the box describes the film inaccurately .
Lois is the only one who 's not happy to see him back .
Homosexuality , generational cutlery , cold showers et al .
The special effects are very bad and you can tell are fake .
Additionally , there is one other good scene with a demon motorcycle .
They just shrug their shoulders and move on .
You will be amazed at how bad a movie can be .
Everyone seems to be a moron and no one knows the rules , specifically cop
Riley gets to deliver a really stupid line .
And ' hoping ' was as good as it got .
This is disturbing to be sure , but not frightening .
This movie really has no beginning or end .
Such as the sequence in which the ' predator ' fixes the ' victims ' broken car .
Each of these videos ends in a speeded up decomp of the victim .
And this is why i gave it such a low mark .
The story is set around amazon jungle tribes that are living in fear of the devil .
A bit of nudity and partial nudity , a pointless sex scene all feature along the way .
What more can you say than reiterate how truly awful the acting is .
Apart from making you feel good and advocate a drug liberal view , there 's really nothing there .
But what disappointed me most was chemistry .
Scenes do not make sense from second to second , and the connections between them are nonexistent .
I 'm not even going to describe it .
The entire rising action could have been avoided with a salt shaker or two .
I watched the whole movie , waiting and waiting for something to actually happen .
Surely , with such a talented cast intact ...
Nonetheless , the film is about a young girl who comes from a rather poor background .
They are not that good and seem to be dubbed .
We in the audience are dying to know , too .
There is no action , no special effects , no story .
I did not find a lot there to dig my teeth into .
I went into the movie with an open mind , knowing that they would have screwed with the cartoon .
Desperate for money he makes a deal with the young rich wife of a cotton baron who is dying .
That would also explain why actors are bad in direct proportion to their prominence in the script .
Survivial does not have any of that to bank on .
Apparently none of the characters in this flick were the average person .
The initially well done anesthesia awareness drama gets lost in the poorly written conspiracy drama .
Not only did it not make sense in the world of the film , it simply did not make sense .
She starred in one of the ones that became nothing .
Sure , this final film in the saga is silly but at least it 's original .
They are all killed in a fatal and futile mission .
Yes , the characters interact , but not in a clever or interesting or even relevant way .
I would not suggest seeing this one .
But the material just did not let her shine .
This time man must push his hand into a pile of ants to be affected .
By the by , if you 're a gore fan , you will be disappointed too .
Cue to storytellers ... your build up has to have a payoff that exceeds build up .
If only we could erase and start over ...
It is quite a stretch to call this a horror film .
A series of painfully unfunny skits that seem to go on forever and a day .
The gore effects are a whole , new low .
Other commenter 's here have remarked on the editing and apparent seamless use of archive footage .
The sound is also dreadful and it 's difficult to hear with the appalling new soundtrack which never shuts up .
But do not get me wrong , the humor has no redeemiing quality .
The movie did not have the battle of wits feel to me .
More like they 're the stupid ones .
Unless you want to be creeped out and confused for one hour and a half this is not for you or any moviegoer .
One is to stay at the campsite , while the other goes and gets help .
I did not like the posession side of it and there were no decent gore scenes .
This story is so absurd and imbecile that it is impossible to write a summary .
A lot of it just does not make sense .
Then , it was as though someone said
This time around , they are too horrid to describe .
Or , failing that , he would at least give the participants of his shows a cut of his profits .
I 'm sure the writers were on something other than oxygen when they wrote this one .
I normally have no problem walking away from a bad movie , however this was an unique case .
In an animated cartoon , this is fatal .
You know a slasher film is in trouble when you find yourself urging the killer to just get on with it already .
If suspension of disbelief means almost falling asleep during a movie , then this has plenty of that .
If not her , than what other reason to watch this .
Well , even then it still would be below standard .
The description of the movie does not really comply with the plot .
This prompted me to give this film a try .
It just did not make a lot of sense .
In fact , this one is too light and frothy , and unfortunately many of the jokes end up falling flat .
It looks cheap and is pitch black through most of the major scenes .
No tension or thrills for me , and the final monster was disappointingly cheesy and unscary .
This was only the start of the downward spiral of this film .
It 's interesting to note her hypocrisy too .
In the middle there are too many sidelines and loose ends in the story , several threads started are not ended .
It 's strange that so much talent is wasted on this film of little impact or interest .
It 's mostly an ego trip for the filmmaker .
As for songs , they pretty much suck .
She is attractive and might develop into an actor but she took on too many tasks in this movie .
But it dragged on , had unlovable characters and had no target audience .
The best shots are the early ones on the beach , but , after that , it 's all downhill .
I am a huge fan of horror movies and specially slasher ones that some people call popcorn movies .
Better directing might have gotten some more feeling and better performances out of the actors .
Then add a couple of generic expendable teens of any color .
There 's a frustratingly high amount of fake suspense in this film .
Besides , they have thousands of keys , marked with different colours and precisely classified .
This movie may not get much mention , but by the little that it does get , it is overrated .
There are no reasons to watch this movie .
A black woman enters the main character 's apartment .
People with military background or knowledge of the military will be disappointed with the inaccuracy .
A pretty worthless made for television movie that pretty much follows the killer insect script .
And , come to think of it , the plot is rather disgusting actually ... but handled with some kind of taste .
It 's just about a group of people going from one boot camp to another .
Scenes that are intended to shock , or which are intended to evoke urgency or suspense generally work .
The only thing this one has going for it is the cinematography .
For a film that claimed to have a budget in the millions it just does not show on the screen at all .
Decent flick , bad acting and ending though ...
It would be pretty difficult to equal the original , even if this movie had been made with the original crew .
There 's a serious scene at first and a second alter , it turns funny .
Twenty years later the film is still awful .
There are few surprises and no scares .
This movie may have been good if there was actual acting in it but there was not any .
There really was no growth , no forward movement at all .
The box that the movie comes in shows scenes that are never even in the film .
It 's a step away from mocking the mentally handicapped .
It also seems to lack any real world context .
My dead grandmother 's left pinkie toe could make a better movie than this .
The only use this movie has if you 're having trouble falling asleep .
I have seen worser movies than this one , only wished they had made it bloodier ...
I 'm not exactly sure what he does with the bodies .
Wonderful cast wasted on worthless script .
That is a sorry statement about this movie .
The man 's dialogue is sophomoric and moronic .
It is a weak story about a petty criminal .
I pray that the killer is found and convicted .
Some may find a little entertainment in it , but it was far too predictable for my tastes .
The music soars , but for a different film , not this one .... for soap opera saga possibly .
Despite positive reviews and screenings at the international festivals , this movie is not for everyone .
The sex scene is gratuitous but not in the least appealing .
This film might have been more , as there was suitable budget for settings , actors and a decent story line .
It could be about a screenwriter intermingle with his own characters .
For a plot of such thinness , it moves awfully slowly , with little dramatic tension .
I challenge anyone to tell me this with any confidence .
This romantic comedy is not too bad .
It would not do the film justice to call it bad .
But his office has no guards or security checkpoints .
No lesbian would ever confuse this ' man in a dress ' as a drag queen much less a woman .
One sad thing is that this could have made a decent feature length movie .
Daniels is passable but nothing special .
A young couple goes on a romantic getaway which is ruined when the guy is bitten by a bat .
I sincerely hope all involved in the film are hanged for this atrocity .
This film had a lot of potential but really failed to hit the mark .
Come on there has to be some shovelware a five year old computer could use that could clean up this picture .
Let 's say every movie has a selling point , a gimmick .
Music , acting , direction , story , everything , simply everything .
He also has no redeeming qualities .
We went to the movie with a group because the play we were going to was cancelled .
The format of this game was the failure .
I do not know if it 's funny or scary .
The point is not even brought up at all , by any of the characters .
Her character is ignored most of the movie which is a shame .
This movie sucks , it s good or its just plain weird .
Naturally , everything seems to tie up nicely in the end .
It has been years and if someone can point me in the direction of obtaining a copy , that would be great .
Heck no , we eat hams and ribs and drumsticks .
Syberberg 's entire approach is so static .
My boyfriend was so mad he would not even talk about it .
None of the characters were properly introduced at first .
We rent movies in order to see something better that what is on television .
This is a lack of knowledge of basic story telling ...
The music in that sequence also is poor .
At least they used toothbrushes ... at least they had wallpaper .
Ng talks about how she was weirded out playing a lesbian .
I could not possibly come up with enough adjectives to describe this movie .
But the ending was a total dissappointment .
This was an android , so there was no reason to make it look human .
He is traumatized over this and is seen popping pills .
A little girl 's dead body is found stripped of all possible means of identification .
Then they flee in the house , waiting to get rescued .
Columbo movies have been going downhill for years , this year it may have reached the bottom .
In this case it just does not work .
The characters move about at a snail 's pace even on the best of systems .
I do not know what she was thinking when she created this bomb .
I still ca not believe how bad this movie was .
Woody 's rarely made a funnier movie .
I have been had and no thanks to the stars whose names were the main attraction .
They let him sit with them only because he has a huge bag filled with cannabis .
In each case the confusion surrounding her loss and the tension of the chase was tangible .
It does not even merit a review , other than as a warning to potential viewers .
The directors should be aware of the fact that retake is not just a word in the dictionary .
Her only really feeling scene is near the end where she gets dumped by her girlfriend .
He patrols some ten or twenty thousand square miles .
I was talking about it recently and all the sad memories came flooding back .
Difficult to see how the producers ever convinced themselves this film would work .
High go nuts , which causes them to join a gang , have sex , explode , and whatever .
It started to get really dumb after he told the people he wanted to kill himself .
As a fictional thriller , there is no plot to hold it together .
As far as the story is concerned , it can easily be explained in a few lines .
They do not want to embarrass her in front of all her friends .
And sentiment is all this has going for it .
I really cant think of anything good to say about this film ... not a single thing .
The last two survivors race away from the house and back to the plane , barely escaping .
May be she should go back to acting ... on second thought she was a bad actress to .
The sad thing is , some of the methods to stop the hijackers have already been used in other movies .
Goofy music and clueless characters .
So much more could have been done with this video movie .
Guess what people , if you do something worthy maybe someone will make a documentary about you .
The girls are as unattractive as possible .
The truth is this is a lame film that does nothing to entertain nor enlighten .
It 's not scary , it 's not interesting , and above all it 's not arousing in any sense of the word .
She ends up having to kill many of them including her boyfriend who becomes one .
Cure your insomnia if you have it and watch this movie .
However , that does not translate well to film , and no one really thought that it would .
Instead , our director seems to have worsen over time , completely oblivious to previous experiences .
Unbeknownst to me , horribly inbred freaks have access to brand spanking new hunting knives .
This movie only comes to life during the concert scenes but there are not really that many .
Finally , there are maybe five or six zombies total , definitely not a nation .
If so , much must have been missing from the film version here .
But the director failed to put this together .
Both women seem to pander to him rather than scold and this compounds the problem .
The first third of this movie was nothing but talk , and more talk .
The original series is a long stream of boredom .
All they do is get naked for no apparent reason and are used as visual props through most of the movie .
Three enthusiastic words that describe the movie of the book .
Terrible soundtrack ... when it 's there .
Tune in for that one then turn it off .
I would have generously slapped an extra star or two on here had she peeled down a bit , but no such luck .
There 's no setups , no punchlines and no laughs .
Then after some milk throwing , she says sorry and sees the blouse man again .
There is minimal plot and little character development .
The movie itself is very unbelievable .
That 'd have to be a pretty darn big wave .
In conclusion , an excellent play , ruined by an odd concept , and unwise cuts .
Do not watch this , whoever you are . .
Without giving too much away , there is a fade to white an hour into the film .
The trouble starts when she is asked to be the star of a movie , regardless the genre .
Lundgren mails in his performance and the movie is flat and lethargic .
We see way too much of the cartoonish flying demon right from the start , a bad sign .
Tomorrow they are tooling around the countryside , by themselves no less and start taking sniper fire .
The acting was a little stiff at times .
This is one of those movies that should have been way better than it turned out to be .
You can only insult yourself so many times .
Matt of being a child molester just because he talked art with the kid .
Spoilers ... if such a thing is possible ... . . . . . . .
It involves the kind of dialogue you can never imagine leaving a woman 's mouth .
I try to like something out of every movie , i do not hate movies ... ever ... except this one .
I ca not quite figure why the nice hero girl wanted to kill the funny lady who was making her some tea .
Not only should the director rethink what she is doing for a life career but maybe she should watch a few films .
So lame it should be shown at film schools as an example of what not to do in a first movie .
I 'm no fan of the church , mind you , but at least the ancient texts which they base their faith on are real .
The proof that the film fails in its message lies in actual real world reactions to it .
Scene after scene of the same thing do not a movie make .
He ca not play , he ca not talk , he ca not even move very good on mainland without his skis ...
The hairstyles are remarkably dated .
Maybe we can push the rating where it sould be .
And that 's exactly where the movie jumps the shark .
This kinda makes up for the lack of suspense , the zero scares and generic tone .
The actors all sleep through their roles .
The part of the story in the present is fairly boring .
It 's not scary , it 's not clever , and it 's not funny .
Ariel is more wiser now , but annoying .
And then came the sequel thus deepening said proverbial barrel .
Baby comes with a five o'clock shadow that he shaves off .
Ufortunately , no one could ever be good enough to redeem this endless series of flaws .
Maybe someone else , somewhere along the line , will try again .
But the conclusion of the film ruins it all .
The slaughter of civilians is just the dramatic backdrop to our hero 's psycho sexual struggle .
To be fair , the acting by the four main characters is solid .
The scene lasts longer than any other scene , going on for probably twenty minutes .
This movie is nowhere near as original .
The plants coming from the moon still does not fill in the blanks about this .
I had suspicions the movie was going to be bad .
Such sad and unusual self destruction .
But of course that could not happen .
But as the book is read , the graveyard outside suddenly comes to life .
It does not seem to have been done for comical effect .
First chocolates appear on the pillow and the toilet paper is folded .
Killing two flies with one swipe , that 's what it would have been .
She also has clearly had plastic surgery on her face , and her haircut in this movie is somewhat unappealing .
She has to know somebody in the biz .
Well , unless you suffer from insomnia or the choices are this movie or exploratory surgery without anesthesia .
Do yourself a favor and do not watch reruns of the show .
Also found the story very confusing .
Constructions workers are installing a swimming pool outside and accidentally disturb an ants ' nest .
Nor does the development of the cop .
No society , however has or ever could survive the loss of its female population .
It s a film to forget , and forget quickly .
Plenty cheese and unintentional hilarity for bad film lovers .
Just before the zombies revolted , it hit me .
That clue tells us some raging violence is about to erupt inside .
It s a house , you did nothing more than kill forty five minutes .
The lead character looks out of place due to her tiny phisique and phony looking contact lenses .
This sort of role usually fit his style perfectly , he was just adequate here .
Could not wait to get out of the theater , want my money back .
The lighting was very dark , so that some scenes are almost completely black .
You get the idea , happy stuff for the holidays .
I would recommend avoiding this one .
Without seeing the inevitable sequel , there is no justification for it .
Desperate times really do call for desperate measures .
The motivation for the killings in the beginning of the movie is never explained .
They stick out like a sore thumb and remind you constantly that you 're watching a muddled , disorganised movie .
Sylvester tries everything possible to open the can of tuna but ca not do it .
Not to mention the plot hole here and the plot hole there ...
None of the characters in this movie have that style or presence or whatever you want to call it .
I actually found myself dusting at one point while the film was running .
Put this on only if you need some help getting to sleep .
Whatever the director 's intention , the two do not really mesh together .
That said , the first ten minutes were so impressively acted , shot and edited that my hopes were soaring .
How two such insipid people could fall in love is a mystery , but it certainly did not hold my attention .
The plot then turns into a battle of the sexes .
As you can see , not much thought was put into this cow flop .
The story just meandered along and did not seem to have a point or a plot .
There was the friendly , aged sheriff .
The snakes are obviously fake and the first two things they bite are a boob and a guys johnson .
It relied on sight gags , and stupid dialogue for humor .
I wiped my ass on a piece of toilet paper and made a better script once .
I am not the right audience for it .
The writer tried to build in turning points that aimed to surprise the viewer .
However , despite the film 's many shortcomings , it does have a few good points .
He uses it to shower gifts on his mates , who prove just as greedy as the cigar men .
Screenwriters should think of that .
I am tired of cross hairs and changing views .
Bogged down by an uninspiring direction , you 've been warned .
She is the show in this slow moving and wildly unlikely story of revenge .
It literally has nothing to recommend it .
I have rarely seen a film that is as unbelievable as this one is .
If all that was not enough , the acting is not great either .
This story was all over the place and did not seem to have a center .
But maybe , just maybe , he should have focused his attention a little more on making a good , engaging film .
He says it s for a sucker bet which does not explain anything .
The phallic montage showing sausages roasting is ridiculous .
Biggs , a funny thespian , too , is totally wasted .
Russell discovers the chimp 's talent , and uses him to advance his own career .
I do not mean to spoil the movie for those who have not seen it , but that 's not how it ends .
I mean , it 's definately horrifying , but not in the way horror movies are supposed to be .
This film could have been so much more .
Most of the time is spent on useless side characters whose plots are not resolved in the slightest .
Initially , he seems to have no effects from the injection , except some new strength .
The acting was horrendous as well as the screenplay .
She said it herself she was too weak .
The wife of a businessman with no time for anything but work could have been any number of actresses .
Something or someone is following her .
If you have considered watching this film , do not .
Each subsequent use became laughable as the film went on .
Technically speaking , the film is yecchy .
I guess these problems were mostly present in the story , and the way some of the character acted toward the end .
Simple enough , and not a bad place to start .
I would forgo watching this movie and instead run head first into a brick wall .
He can eat it and then brush his teeth with it , and then go to sleep in kryptonite pajamas .
It is very watchable in a train wreck sort of way but it certainly is not very pretty .
These factors probably account for the film being seen at all .
There 's absolutely no logic or coherence and every character is equally meaningless to the others .
It 's one thing to go all out , yet another to cross over the line into excess .
Jim 's not a stupid guy , he can take care of things and he 's got the opportunities to do so .
I have not seen the play so can not compare .
The people involved in this moronic pile of trash need to be lobotomized .
I can not believe this woodenly written and directed piece of cliche film got made .
No one seems to care about such substitutions at a high school football game .
In conclusion , the movie was bad and that 's the end of it .
Plus all the coke , shanghai tang and dunkin donuts product placement was a bit too obvious .
This film is really stupid but it 's funny .
Real garbage on offer here once again .
As the boulders begin hurling themselves toward the vehicle , the special effects become obvious .
You , quaking behind that tree , let 's have a real conniption fit this take .
Which incidentally , sums up this film quite nicely .
The killer snowman seems to be made out of styrofoam and his arms look like oversized oven mitts .
Imagine how real trees would have reacted .
He then finally reveals who his is and what he intentions are which make as much sense as the movie does , none .
So , it 's not just a guy not getting it .
To observe how far people go to reach for something they desire .
It was just the fact that people wanted to see what it would look like .
He is offering up a new stem cell technology that could make tons o' cash ... or so it seems ...
I was neither entertained nor intellectually challenged .
This gift never ever has anything to do with anything except to make the kid seem cool .
The film does not have anything insightful to say about the porn business .
So , it was no longer worth the effort to me .
As a whole , the movie is very poor and being of its time , very cheaply made .
He was tossed around by both monsters he fought , relying on his sidekicks to save his bacon .
And the idea that this could be a comedy is perplexing to me .
Obviously a crude element of foreshadowing .
There are many little joys to be found in the film .
But with this film , it 's hard not to let loose .
The village and all the houses look grey and are decayed .
In fact , there are no intimate or detailed relationships in the film .
Roberts was the same as she always is .
The premise of the movie sound good .
There are just to many things that just do not add up , but well done
I am just forewarning you about possible suffering .
Sad she does not dance as that is her forte .
Aside from this , the picture 's main crime is ignorance of historical fact .
This short did not even elicit a chuckle from me .
So trite , so standard , one knows what 's going to happen in each scene .
It works at times , but it gets boring after the same stuff comes at you over and over .
Heck , werewolves do not seem to figure much into this movie except for a rather bizarre and prolonged sex scene .
This movie was so terrible it was almost good ... almost .
If this was a film about racism , it needed to be from the beginning .
Sookie , or rather the actress , is even more dead than her vampire lover .
If at any stage she had behaved like a normal intelligent person , the whole story would have fallen apart .
Writers putting trite mouthings into actors mouths .
Sow 's ears do not make silk purses .
Anayways , do watch this film because of it 's awfulness .
Money would have been better spent on the homeless people of the world .
Well , it would be funny if the thing was watchable .
First of all , there is such a thing as the art of cinematography .
Not myself , not the boisterous kids .
The girls that pose next to them in gearhead magazines .
The series would rise to the occasion again and have its moments but a fatal decline had set in .
It is corny , trite , utterly predictable and plays way too often on our sentiments .
Comedies are supposed to make us roll on the floor , not roll our eyes and yawn , aching for it to be over .
He wants to have her tell him about the daylight .
There has only been one black murderer , and he was put up to it by his white boss .
No tender or immature minds should see this film .
Otherwise you will have a seizure when you realize how they 've massacred it .
Extremely corny and badly performed .
It would be a good movie to cure you insomnia .
Affleck tries hard to be endearingly spastic and overenthusiastic but comes across as disturbed .
The episode starts out all right with a short film explaining the way the screw fly was killed of by scientists .
For the actors , it was like trying to act in a straitjacket .
I honestly ca not remember from other movies whether the very end was the same .
I honestly ca not remember from other movies whether the very end was the same .
So that is one strike in my eyes but lets look at the story of the show .
It was that listless and formulaic .
I 'm afraid he could not be more wrong ...
This is not one of those it was so bad , it was funny .
It puts out nothing and is hardly worth writing about .
I 'm sorry but after the first time , the words lost all meaning .
I just thought for the most part this movie was a tad dull .
I was able to guess the ending half way through the movie ...
The slapping and stumping is all soft and fake looking , as well as sounding .
However , given that none of it is that realistic , it 's bearable .
If there is anybody is here who has any objection whatsoever to the union of these two lovebirds
I can not believe some cable stations actually run this garbage .
There needs to be translation from one medium to another .
Careers like his are certainly not built on films like this one .
I have never experienced something like that personally but am not saying it 's impossible .
Not to be seen within three hours of any meal .
The movie was meaningless , and all creditability was lost to the excessive use of stereotype .
He somehow managed to become an annoying , overwrought parody of himself .
But quickly came to be kids movies .
Oh , come on people give this film a break .
Jokes wear thin quickly and you find yourself suddenly not caring how this man 's dates progress .
He 's too busy trying to cry fake tears or show his angst at how badly his father let him down .
Not sure what all the actors were thinking when they got onboard this razzie .
There used to be a time when it was bad for kids to beat up others .
He jumped from one scene to the next and you had to try and figure out or guess what was going on .
For this remake it appears it was business as usual , though .
Just expect to laugh your way through the film and at the expense of other people .
Well , the car is wrecked and there are no survivors .
I hate to knock the guy , but the sooner he realizes that pop is his forte , the better .
They tell her that they have a murder club , and that she must kill someone to be accepted .
It never needed to be loaded and even had a recoil when fired .
For the most part this film left me cold , though it 's by no means the worst of it s type you will ever see .
I would not , however laugh at the points in the film where the director would seem to want me to laugh .
That s basiclly the idea every episode .
He tricks a security guard out of his booth by mooning the camera .
If you 're over the age of twelve and not living in mom 's basement , there 's probably nothing here for you .
We are not exactly breaking new ground here .
While on a working visit abroad , a female colleague commits suicide .
But mostly , there are too many dumb and unnecessary plot devices .
Or maybe that 's what it feels like .
The only way to win , is not to play revelation is supposed to be the crowning moment .
I figured just to go ahead and see the horror before my eyes , but actually this was not too bad .
This time could perhaps have been spent on developing character ... but no .
The good guy has a woman , so the bad guy uses her .
The budget is really low , and that also ruins the film .
If the fact that some people get stabbed and a gun gets fired is a plot giveaway .
This was not a good film , but the potential was there .
The movie , however , did not meet my expectations .
The dialog is trite and one wonders how the actors managed to deliver any of it with straight faces .
I managed to stay awake though but the last hour was just not good enough .
I only wish that i could give this movie a rating of zero .
Do not assume familiarity with your audience .
Every actor was really trying more than a little to hard to demonstrate the agony inflicted on them .
Like the vagabond , the film wanders aimlessly and rather pointlessly .
Hero to avenge death , cut away to getting weapons from friend .
The film is an extremely sparse work ... containing very little dialogue , story , music or emotion .
You do not have any real connection with any of the characters and there 's no real story line to follow .
His character becomes weakened as a credible teacher as the movie goes on .
At least you understand the motivation behind that which made everything bad .
The only bad guys were the leaders of the nation , who made this war happen .
There were very few laughs and it got boring near the end .
But most of the dialogue was completely incomprehensible .
It 's too painful to remember his performance to describe it here .
Not worth sitting through for the tired contrived ending .
He gave me the creeps , but be assured that in real life he is a kind , funny compassionate man .
I would not go out of my way for this one .
Each cookie cutter figure simply goes about making you hate them in the blandest , most predictable way possible .
Also add in an ending which leaves tons of loose ends .
Without getting too much into plot summary , let 's take a quick walking tour of the events .
There was not a single break in music .
Two stars is being somewhat generous .
Someone must have been seriously joking when they made this film .
It 's actually quite maddening sitting through their conversations .
Although the costumes and art direction are commendable , the movie still fails to impress the viewer .
They bumble around , fight to stock banjo music , ogle women , and act like pathetic excuses of humanity .
After all of this , the production is abandoned and the stock reels are left to gather dust .
I hope they will stop making horror movies who has a virus and the virus spread and make people to zombies .
When he is returning home , he crashes with a girl that puts advertisements .
I just watched this one out of morbid curiosity .
We have scandal , we have religion and we have supernatural forces at play .
But that is almost beside the point .
All the chases that follow are this film 's version of the tiresome car chases of many movies .
You will learn how to shrug off logic and science with powerful arguments of fear .
Apparently my comment does not have enough lines to post , so here 's some more filler .
Write the studios , hell , write your local congressman even .
There were too many monster robots , most of which have no logical explanation behind them .
And the movie drags out in many parts .
Because the other characters are interchangeable , this results in a loss of reference .
Cruise 's masking only painfully emphasizes his inadequacy as an actor .
I have to admit that it had consistency .
You have to look at this from the standpoint that it did not seem like a movie .
Throughout the movie the issue is the credibility of the different .
I used to have a fascination with the cartoon back in college when it was being made .
Instead the girls get in fights with their boyfriends over where they plan to attend college .
The most disturbing image was that of a murdered child in the beginning .
Well , this film does nothing to shed this curse .
Unless you 're twelve , this movie really is not worth it .
On a positive note , the directing was pretty good and cinematography was pretty decent as well .
Someone else compared it to a school production .
It means nothing , feels like nothing , and carries the implicit message that absolutely nothing matters .
If you fall into neither of the above categories , the odds are you will never come across this film .
However , the development of the story and its conclusions , after watching the film , took too long .
The local children 's club would have produced better sets .
Other than that , though , this film is one big cliché .
I felt heartbroken to even have felt that way .
And one other thing if we might be able to add .
None of that overshadows the actual content , which speaks for itself .
Filling in as bike messenger comedic and charming mishaps ensues .
I wanted to see mind blowing powers .
Okay , that sounds all right there .
Compounding the problem is the acting , or lack thereof .
Got to go , there 's a clown at my door .............
It is a shockingly bad effort coming from a major studio .
I 'm not sure where it we nt wrong , but it we nt horribly wrong .
It really portrayed the black music scene back then .
The whole film seems to rotate around aliens and the one weapon .
He pointed the camera at the stage and thought that would be a good thing .
It was like the cameramen were a bunch of chimps who had been given camcorders by scientists .
He then chases the kid out into a nearby cornfield and kills him .
If they ever propose a movie idea , they should be kicked out of the studio .
I used to think this woman was sexy .
They were not inspiration , they were desperation .
It 's really , really painful but it was next on the list ...
The pace is much too slow , the situations repetitive .
I 'm not a fancy movie expert but believe me he would have shot himself if did see this .
And not even a good one in those standards .
You look at the cover and you gain your first impressions of the film .
Shaved ice is strictly a summer treat .
The film just looks sloppy and thrown together .
She part of an advertising campaign for the cold cream .
This bomb of a movie was obviously made to make some money without any regard to the accuracy of it 's content .
It felt like it was just something that was thrown in to fill space in the movie .
Insulting and definitely not funny .
And do not confuse irreverence with stupidity .
Definitely a candidate for the worst film ever made .
No one likes pedophiles or children to be sexually exploited .
From start to finish , there was not one single highlight .
Abused child turns into serial killer .
Oh a vaguely once famous actress in a film where she plays a mother to a child .
David unconscious and tries to rape her , groping her savagely .
Just wish the whole thing made sense .
The love story is a joke , and the movie as a whole is just hard to follow .
Therefore you get a half assed , crappy zombie flick .
It would have been much better to focus on the bathtub scene .
The movie seems little more than a movie which attempts to push the envelope in offensive and taboo imagery .
But no horror came to mind while watching the movie .
It 's just too bad that these great actors were shamed with this end result .
It 's just too bad that these great actors were shamed with this end result .
Well , they make the ending of the original look better .
I 'm very can not understand when they show us this bad film .
In fact , nothing in the film makes sense .
At least it did not go for the gutter .
She gradually becomes attracted to his persona .
In fact there is only one white guy in the entire movie and he is the leader of the bad guys .
Then while she is making it with him , her son gets stung by wasps .
If by some chance he gets a not guilty verdict then kill him .
There is no deductive reasoning , no acute analysis of signs at crime scenes .
But believe me , that fact is more interesting being read in this review than sitting through the movie for .
This movie is horrid , simply because none of the characters are believable .
Had the script dealt with this more they might have managed to elicit some sympathy for him .
The story was pared down to include as much action as possible .
Funny comments between the two teams , they tried but failed .
The camera goes to a person about to get eaten , the camera goes to the shark .
But this piece of work ... go see something else .
His only salvation came as the competition was just as bad .
The movie probably tried too much to break away from the traditional vampire stories .
I should know , even if it is not from the same circumstances here .
To my dismay , this film was full of embarrassing sexual jokes .
Here we have a rather unattractive lead actress and that does not help things .
At the very least it should have had the sentimentality of one of his songs .
Again there is really strange characters , this time even more visibly pathological ones .
This film has no business being anywhere in any legitimate cinema or library .
What startled me about this film was its juvenile promotion of stereotypes .
Which is perhaps not surprising given the clunky , lame dialog given to the one note characters .
I ca not even explain what happened in this movie because it jumped all over the place .
It had potential except for their unwillingness to build upon the story .
An unfortunate manifestation of the hypocritical , toxic culture of a decade ago .
My words can not convey how painful it was to watch .
I 'm trying to decide if jumping into a wood chopper would be more enjoyable than this dreck .
The film could have been so much more if it had been done properly .
Even so , they went too far for normal .
Firstly , the prosecution never proved that ' facilitated learning ' actually works .
There is absolutely no familiarity with any of the characters .
A killer , cannibal rapist is killed by a crazed cop on the scene of his latest murder .
The book the movie was filmed after is outrageously ponderous , and illogical .
It will be good for the festival hype .
One does not even need to have served in the military to know how stupid some of the action sequences are .
During the meals and other inappropriate moments , the scene cuts away to pure darkness outside .
Had the story been more focused on the revenge , this might have actually been a fairly funny movie .
I feel sorry for those people who were duped at the box office .
Watchable in the train wreck variety .
It 's a series of vignettes with no cohesion .
The crap acting is just the tip of the iceberg .
A man is hired to bring an ostensibly dumb blonde up to the requirements of a gangster .
Soon after the script establishes his lack of talent , the character is killed by a speeding truck .
Storyline is a weak rehash of the previous entries , script is likewise .
And customary to these kind of films , when the young ladies take off their clothes , they just beg to be killed .
The plots are redundant and the morals are just repeated over and over again .
At no point did she come across as the actual character .
Well , not even a convincing mixture of both of these genres .
The result was a funny book about his life .
If you manage to grab a copy of this , throw it out into the ocean and hope that nobody ever finds it .
Actually , there are no sex scenes .
But it all ends when the first lordi monster appears .
None of this is explained in the movie .
He prefers parlor tricks to shock over actually doing anything meaningful .
The toys are especially ridiculous as well , and was the joke of many late night talk show hosts .
New kids on the block , as opposed to venturing into a largely unknown universe .
They might leave his label and it 's a warning to keep his other groups loyal .
Apparently his lack of any morals is all her fault .
This can not be put on a shelf with the real gangster epics .
If anyone out there is interested in watching this film , please do not .
My advice is to watch this only if it airs on cable .
Actors who think they 're funny and behave that way rarely , if ever , are actually funny .
The film is just a bit over ninety minutes but it seems interminable .
Either way some even consider this a cult classic .
He makes the mistake of also taking the life savings of the maid , whom he has promised to marry .
Zavet is two hours of silly antics with no story .
Preposterous sequel stretches credibility to a great degree as diabolical sociopath
Depends on how much spare time you have .
And not in a it s so bad it 's good cult way .
The release date was apparently put off numerous times for about a year running , and the reason is obvious .
Once it gets put on to film what a mess we have on our hands .
But it should at least have a story .
His ability to place a camera in the strangest of places to convey the simplest of emotions is shocking .
The only surprise of the evening came after the bell had run on the main event .
Intended to be dreamlike and impressionistic , the soul bared , it is , instead , morose mush .
Already the bonds between the dead and living are getting weak and the friends and villagers are seeing ghosts .
And to top all of that , the film just boringly dragged on .
This flick is a terrible movie experience , not for its content , but for its form .
West , you did not have time to think about too much else .
More important , though , would have been a deeper exploration of the mother of the boy .
It is either the strangers around him who acts like morons , or they are just simply dumb .
Watch this film at your own risk , or if you need an unintentional laugh .
Next day the four dive to the bottom of the reef and of coarse after a whole day of diving they find nothing .
I read the reviews before i watched this movie , and i did not believe them .
Soon after its release , he tried venturing into politics but failed miserably .
Some of them are by no means newcomers , else all could be forgiven here .
To be an exemplar of saddening folly ...
It lacks style , humor , character development , and most importantly , heart .
The story is laughable and dated by today 's standards .
Firstly the dramaturgy is all wrong .
Granted the original show had a lot of cheese to it , but it had a large following .
If only it did not take itself seriously .
Even many contemporary comedies were better filmed and written .
No small feat for such a sort of a movie .
Duke resists , and determines that he will rescue the city from the corrupt police .
This way , no one would think anything of a masked man beside a little kid .
Most involve some of the most unlikeable characters to ever walk across a movie screen .
They should have left well enough alone .
And , naturally , the reporter 's dumb cameraman faints when this occurs .
I knew he was not a good actor but this was beyond a joke .
It 's not daring , and it 's just too straightforward for me .
I honestly cant think of one good thing .
Even though none of them are especially unattractive , the outside world appears to treat them like they are .
Everything in this movie seems to be a little wrong .
If you have a prehistoric sense of humor then why not .
After that , you will only laugh at all pathetic accusations .
This comment just says that this opinion can be made by racist .
When the artist was asking the ' almost perfect guy ' to leave , we were screaming for him to leave too .
If you have seen very less films , this might be a big one for you .
Here my hitchcockometer points sullenly towards zero throughout .
This one , sadly , only invites laughter .
I know this movie is for kids , but that does not mean the writers should take their intelligence for granted .
And that 's where the movie grinds to a halt .
Not only that but the central rock club and cannabis sequences are very forced and just look stilted .
Then you have the final five minutes of the film .
Cage running away from a swarm of bees and then falling down a hill .
Quite unpleasant details followed too .
Again , another offensive , overused cliche ' coming to the fore .
Characters go from sane to psycho killer in the blink of an eye .
It 's frightless , unoriginal , frantic , and a bore .
Pollack wants us to believe that it is better to be an honest mass murderer than a crooked bureaucrat .
There is not one moment in this movie that holds the slightest bit of action .
The female characters in the film offer no relief .
I was looking forward to seeing a good movie .
As dull as the day is long and it 's been a long , long day watching this movie .
Shakespeare is far too talky to allow the comedy to have any sort of rhythm or flow .
I really wish that when making a comedy , the people actually tried to make it funny .
Cowgirls have none of these redemptions .
This film is justly famous as one of the most horrible examples of propaganda ever produced .
At least put some meaning behind the songs .
I ca not believe that people thought this stinking heap of trash was funny .
The insurance guy rejected a person obviously in need , etc .
As someone else said , it does not play to their strengths .
They do not appear to have a set of characteristics common to all .
It does not matter if the film is a stinker , they still get paid .
One wonders why she would pick a project like this .
It would have been far more interesting to inject a tone of ambiguity .
So keep your racist remark to yourself .
Afterall , a palm tree is a palm tree .
Unfortuntately this is not the case .
There are too many things left unexplained .
The sound and environment was good , but there was no story here .
Do not get me wrong , this was a very bad movie , but there is always a diamond in every alleyway .
The nostril picker appears to the audience as the nostril picker .
There 's hardly anything at all to recommend this movie .
I could not even tell you what was said and done .
There are a couple of slightly good bits .
Renaissance has shadow and light , but little else .
Had some potential , but still pretty thin to begin with .
We get four thugs with guns chasing a lady with a toolbox .
Excuse the language , but there are not any decent words to describe it .
Destroy any copies you come across .
Those are the types of movies where the ending or viewpoint is conceived first , and the story simply tacked on .
It 's a clear message that once this part of the body is broken the rest will be deformed and lifeless .
I would not recommend this film to anyone .
I would not recommend this film to anyone .
I would not recommend this film to anyone .
I would not recommend this film to anyone .
I would not recommend this film to anyone .
Well that 's the ending how about during the film , well unfortunately that did not fare much better .
And , failing these two points , it lacks the humor of a successful parody .
Maybe that was what the makers of this film were going for .
It 's an ugly and hateful film that will make you feel ugly and hateful .
There is no science fiction ... well , hardly any .
Indeed he was right as this film may very well be the worst in his entire catalog of screen performances .
And the most important thing is the idea that is given with religion is somehow funny to me .
No poetry , no subtle psychology , no interesting shots .
They 're stalked by a serial killer who was burned years before .
Why she would do anything so brain dead as to destroy her career for this great slob is beyond me .
My final , and biggest , problem with this film , is the way it portrays football hooligans .
The actors seem to be trying hard to make it all work .
This movie starts o.k. has some twists and turns , then just lays an egg .
The cover showed lightning , implying they were caught in a storm at sea .
Unfortunately you fell for the bait and did not see this , and you did not pick up on it from my review either .
For one , it tries to be many genres at once .
The first should be seen in decline and the second rising .
I just wish this was a better film .
That 's about all there is to say of it , because it genuinely lacked substance of any kind .
And boy does he ever stink as an actor .
This film , however , struggles for an audience .
Some scenes such as a party scene in a bar just goes on for too long and really has no purpose .
They did not speak to each other and never appeared on screen at the same time .
Flip scene four months and the wife is tired of going to church .
For two of the funniest comedians , the movie was awful .
If not , you may not have the stomach for the realistic cow slaughtering scene .
And he was constantly making stupid sexual innuendos at anything female the entire game .
I have said that it includes a spoiler .
One has to be severely intoxicated , or in an altered state of consciousness in order to appreciate this film .
I will give the director some of the responsibility for the kid , but she was truly painful to watch .
But something went horribly wrong from the page to the screen .
Far too much time is spent on the movie within a movie .
The final scenes are utterly unbelievable .
Instead , the movie was a bizarre mix of comedy , drama and a love story .
I take my work very serious and this film is an insult to my profession .
When they characters spoke in the movie the voices were also very low you could not hear what they were saying ..
Some of the lines just crack me up .
Unbeknownst to the locals , a dinosaur egg is also at the bottom of the lake .
They are all in diapers , and are in a saloon which serves milk instead of alcohol .
About half of the plot can be easily discarded .
The actors in this film , though , had only one facial expression each .
There was a whole horde of moggies sitting around but the monsters never thought about killing them .
He has also worked on this film 's scenario .
The characters and their motivations are equally unfathomable .
At one point , he offers some maniacal laughter which just comes across as fake .
And there is the relative who just lies and bed and looks ghostly .
The editing is good acting decent , sound effects are not too over the top .
Not special for any nude scene buffs or bad movie lovers either .
Nothing happened , they just drove in silence .
That may be true , but there are a couple problems with it if looked at that way .
Plus as a movie , it just kinda sucks .
Funny , that 's what this movie is supposed to be condemning .
Thade , chews massive amounts of scenery and hurls kaka splendiferously .
It almost became monotonous and would have if she had not been the best actor in the cast .
Overall , too much hype but not able to deliver .
The movie 's pace was excruciatingly slow and monotonous .
Cage simply never settles into his role .
There is not much to be said of a bald , colored actor who for the most of times is busy pampering a kid actor .
They want her because she has an innate talent for necromancy , of which she was not really aware .
The characters do not bring any sympathy , and you do not route for them .
I made the big mistake of actually watching this whole movie a few nights ago .
Maybe if the movie had been any good perhaps .
Menges and his cohorts should be ashamed of themselves .
Boom he would have held his tongue .
The actors deliver really unconvincing performances , if you want my opinion .
The entire plot is them throwing themselves at guys .
Sad to see so many famous old actors barely able to walk , let alone act .
If all the children should die then it is divided amongst the servants .
The nadir was the chop shop for her dead boyfriend .
Though mercifully no deaths are shown on screen .
Trouble is , one of them is plagued by neuroses .
Compared to the live action series this show is utter crap .
Terry is as exciting as watching paint dry .
The movie opens when he saves a bride .
I do not know the whole pagan thing and sacrifice was a little off .
As her friends revive her , a black arm grabs her by the wrist , and she has to struggle to get loose .
Instead , just a step towards finding more info , learning and debating what the reality is .
This movie made me really mad because the main characters or all the characters have a southern accent .
But saying this film is completely worthless is not true at all .
Then there is mutual evisceration , cannibalism , and lets not forget the giant turd .
This one , like moost spoofs , is pretty poor .
Even when they talk they look like they 're having seizures .
Although mildly amusing , the film never really hits it a stride .
In addition , many of the features of the first movie were changed significantly .
He 's full of flaws , not enlightened , and a complete jerk on a good day .
It runs all over the map and is not clear about what it s saying at all .
This production never really got off the ground for me .
As painful as any fight scene ever recorded .
Everyone is always leaning against someone , caressing someone or kissing someone .
The acting is mostly horrendously bad .
There is a child actor that the director ca not decide if he 's morose , cheerful or just weird .
If you have a tendency to gag or vomit easily ... do not see this film .
The rest of the movie is the main character having the bad dreams while her therapist drones on a the narrator .
We do not really get to know any of them .
The story would make a decent hour of television but gets old very fast as a very padded feature length film .
Douglas certainly took a hiatus from acting and phoned this one in .
The characters all look alike apart from the german gaynigger , one or two jokes work , the rest fails .
They drop their torches and shiver instead of attempting to ward him off or , duh , burn him .
With the written phrase on the end , the director said to point to an alternative way of life .
I do not understand why they 'd cut that .
The cast are alright bearing in mind that it is a silent film .
Kaufman clearly had no idea how to film this .
Completely lacking in eroticism , excitement , or leading ladies with appeal .
This is an awful movie and is best avoided .
They 're the stars of the show , yet they have no personalities .
Lots of nudity , but the background music always proves really distracting .
First off the main character is a very unattractive gingerman .
An amusing cameo performance , really .
I sha not bore you with this , suffice it to say you can only laugh when faced with it .
They should have casted someone else as the lead if they wanted what 's best for the movie .
After that , it went straight from something possibly decent to some sort of illegitimate comedy .
You 're supposed to write what you know , and he did that , indeed .
In this scientists are acting the same way .
Under no circumstances can what she did be justified .
He really does not have much charisma .
If you are epileptic , you would have died at least five times already .
Actually those people are just missing .
I do not know why they did this movie .
Not the best thing to be if it is trying to be other than a lie , distortion , and terribly wrong .
Anybody who pays even a dime to rent any of his garbage should file a claim and be compensated .
Now please do not start calling me names like , unpatriotic , weirdo and more .
In my opinion if you have a low budget you should use models and puppets .
All four characters were a bit shallow .
It is almost unbelievable to hear them deliver their lines in the same , wooden tone throughout the film .
Fleming flips her hair and scowls a lot , but is totally unconvincing as a fiery tomboy .
Prancer the horse was beautiful and did what he was supposed to do .
Although with the lines the poor actors had to deal with i guess they did the best they could ..
Spot on , as this movie is soooo predictable .
He 's searched high and low for it , but can not seem to make a cadaver work .
Then he looked around to see where all the semen went after it was released .
Preppy rich girls act like idiots , buy a bunch of stuff , and get taught a lesson .
For starters , there was a musical montage every five minutes .
Barney falls off a cliff and breaks his leg .
Only now they 're in a corridor so the fight has no scale and is over in a moment .
It 's the script that is thoroughly botched .
I am amazed with some of the reviews of this film .
I find it rather useless to comment on this movie for the simplest reason that it has nothing to comment upon .
I find it rather useless to comment on this movie for the simplest reason that it has nothing to comment upon .
The set design reflects the mood of the series .
She escapes into the streets and is rescued by a black police officer .
Dillinger never robbed a bank by himself , like he did in this movie .
And often there was not even any point to it .
It does not even begin to compare with the original series .
Oh , and the editor is having a day off going by the way the film drones on .
Ripley has the power to call up missile strikes .
The little robot guy does look kinda cute .
All in all , this show is overrated .
I was somewhat disappointed with this film .
Then it 's time to wrap up the murder story .
I had to dig deep to see those i agreed with .
Frankly this movie is the type of project that kills careers and gets agents fired .
It 's not because it 's critical of the communist regime but simply because the movie is of such low quality .
In fact , he even changes his opinion as to the value of women working in the military .
There is some syrupy music here and there and absolutely no tension or sense of danger or excitement .
It 's not a sure cure for insomnia , but really close .
The acting was unremarkable at best .
So in conclusion , the only reason to own this film is for collection purposes .
In terms of his acting , his character is totally unlikable , which makes it impossible to root for him .
It 's like having your teeth cleaned by a bad dental hygienist .
He kinda leads the bunch but has other illegal activities on the side .
Even these things aside , good acting could have carried this into respectable obscurity .
It 's sad when former award winning actresses have to do cut rate movies .
However , this dud seemed to last forever .
It 's just goofy and silly and for the locations , has nostalgic significance .
Let s face it , despite the gore , the nasty sex and abuse , and the ugly monster this movie is a snoozer .
I know better than to demote the value of a movie just because it was not a faithful adaptation .
I 'd rather have a stroke than watch this nonsense .
I 'd rather have a stroke than watch this nonsense .
I 'd rather have a stroke than watch this nonsense .
I was very excited about this film .
The movie was too short to cover every single destiny everyone 's happy ending .
Then he drag races with the hot chicks boyfriend .
I do not think whether anything was right with this movie at all .
This film looks like the producers just ran out of money and never completed the film .
Gray happens to be on the woman 's account and finally does more then kiss .
There are two parts in this film that left me intriguing .
Belle 's a simpering sap who blubbers whenever something goes wrong .
The players would do well not to mention it on their resumes .
This movie is full of clichés and generic villains .
In stead you are forced to deal with another topic that essentially has nothing to do with the plot .
Even at the end , the credits gave me anxiety .
One of the main characters is a priest and he cares more about food than anything else .
They do not write ' em like that any more .
The characters are going in circles , then suddenly someplace in the middle of town there are tunnels to escape .
I wo not describe the story , as that has been done elsewhere .
His victims have not been stalked like this before ...
And the little girl looks simply like a spoiled kid .
They overplayed the ' conflict ' card to the extreme .
I swear to god ' swept away ' is better than this .
There are context errors everywhere .
His agent should show this movie to casting agents .
Other characters were introduced who were also somewhat amusing but utterly unlikeable as well .
These are just symptoms of the underlying problem .
I gave it a shot but was terribly disappointed and could not bare to even finish viewing it .
I 'm afraid it 's not even entertainingly bad .
So , if you have not read the book , do not watch it .
Just everything from actors to story stinks to the sky .
In the failed effort to involve you , it 's a pretty campy overacting showcase .
Unfortunately though , that 's where the positives end .
The mystery surrounding his mother 's drowning is whether it was suicide or murder by his father 's girlfriend .
Then again , if you like to see men who cheat on their wives get murdered , then this is an interesting film .
I came away from this movie with the feeling that it could have been so much better .
Chris he has an image to protect and must avoid strip clubs .
Delia is someone that you never mess with if you know what 's good for you .
Speaking of which his character 's wife is equally as bad .
As opposed to some attempt at doing something really different .
Changing the lead 's makeup like that so far into a series is about on the same level as changing the lead actor .
It is probably a lot more interesting to spend ninety minutes cleaning out the garage .
I know small kids who hated this movie .
And what 's he going to do , suddenly say
I wanted to wash my brain after watching .
No epilogue , no where are they now , no final kiss , just explosion , hug , over .
Poo knickers fight scenes as per usually .
Anna does not answer , she only starts looking a long time at him without saying a word .
No real explanation to why this happened .
Hurt locker does not really have anything outstanding , no real plot at all .
They sneak around and attack some dude with a scantily clothed captive girl .
I could keep going about how this movie ripped apart the original novel , but it makes blood boil .
He says it is a deliberate attempt to use all of the clichés and openly he wonders if people will get it .
A comet that appears once in eons is set to appear one night .
Those are masterpieces if you compare this with this trash .
That 's how bad this picture is if you have to depend on a chase scene to supply the action .
I think it 's a simplification to call him selfish .
There was nothing even slightly entertaining .
It was just not a good comedy in any sense of the word .
But if you are somewhat normal , and do not need to see real footage of animal cruelty , pass this one up .
Terribly inaccurate in so many ways .
Unfortunately this is not quite accurate .
One can not understand how and why this kind of script was written and approved .
This is a very cheaply made werewolf flick .
The characters are poorly written at best , with none of their individual quirks to be seen or heard .
And then you had the break out , with all these mutants who did nothing .
The only useful purpose for the film is as a textbook example of how not to make a gross out picture .
And there are not enough of those to keep you awake .
You never fall off the bike or wreck for that matter .
It is interesting that he did the original in black and white and the remake in color .
It takes place at a university in which there only seems to be a handful of students .
This was not a democratic or republican western .
It is a shame since this was a great series and it just keeps getting worse .
They are seen from behind in the movie , doing just that .
What was the purpose of walking so much and going to the funeral of a stranger for no apparent reason .
But the problem is the fact that , up until the end , this was really all that the movie was .
The movie is definitely the worst of the trilogy , it really ca not be taken seriously .
Without these asides , the audience would not have noticed anything particularly strange .
However , the herbs are not the only thing that reeks about this film .
Take my advice , do not watch this film .
Not only is the movie not a romance , but its characters lack any personality .
Visually interesting , but falls flat in the originality department .
No doubt a more erudite critic could construct a more adequate definition .
They accused them of being a huge reason for the negative development of the war .
A stage riser , a catwalk and some randomly placed columns pass off as a set .
Grab yours , quick , before it goes out of print .
I hope you take my advice , and stay away from this .
I hope you take my advice , and stay away from this .
The events surrounding that part of the story were not entirely correct .
I watched it with a large group of friends and after it was over not a one of us understood the plot .
Having endured this inaccurate movie
As the action goes on we are treated to gobs of blood , really fake blood .
This did not bring anything meaningful to the story .
After another pathetic chase sequence , they decide to abandon the car and set it alight to destroy any evidence .
He calls her constantly and threatens her and even sends a video of their night together .
Approach wild animals without any fear .
The overall affect is of massive stupidity with a nasty twist .
It looked great , but once the thrill had been spent even the twist ending did not do much to save it .
Surely , none of those facilities are ever locked .
He had not even been drafted as of yet .
And then , it seems the filmmakers did not know what to do with the story .
The dad is not anywhere near old enough to be the girl 's dad .
You get to hear the director 's voice giving directions and giving out directions to the actress .
Hopefully that effort produces better results .
The same can be said for the toilet bowl scene .
Both the original , and the alternate endings were grossly disappointing to me .
They limp everywhere they go at a painfully slow pace .
Clips , three lines to lead into the next interminable sequence of dull clips ...
There 's not one plot point you ca not see coming for ten miles down the road .
Therefore it is left almost entirely to the funky music and the ' fresh ' dancing to save the day .
But they are all sunk by the fetishistic script .
You 're left thinking , what the heck was that all about .
The plot holes , of course , are complimentary with the cheese .
That seems to make sense as most zombie movies have their place there .
It was the civil rights era where groups long considered inferior demanded to be treated as equal .
He was a loser , and not very bright , and certainly not endearing .
This does not sound too thrilling for the woman .
The part where they were doing the ultra sound was pretty funny too .
You absorbed them instead of merely carrying them to work to chatter about .
I guess the director is a gay man in denial , or something like that .
Another problem with the movie is the ending .
But the filmmakers made an effort to show it beating the odds and eventually passing all the obstacles .
This is exactly what all new vampire movies are about .
These performers were obviously desperate for work .
Necessarily ridiculous film version the literary classic
We 're here to talk movies , not politics .
The must have showed them out of order for some odd reason and forgot they slipped up the continuity .
I read somewhere that this was the first time where a mainline actress had done something like this on screen .
But , do not expect it to actually harm anything .
This movie starts presenting a somehow original idea but became a great frustration later on .
At least they get what they want ...
I hate the helicopter sequence , cause only one terrorist kills almost the whole marine bunch ...
The movie is cheap on scenes and tells the story basically with no human aspect in it at all .
If anything , this is not even dramedy .
These effects just get so lousy that your jaw will hang lower and lower with every passing moment .
This part of the documentary was so bad , it could have been a spoof .
You 're sure you 're okay with going out with a caveman .
They start up the car and take off into the night .
And all that is left is a truly ghastly turkey of a movie .
Not only is it a complete waste of time but it makes you sick for days to come .
The guy with the axe turns up and starts hacking up the idiots telling the story .
The same could be said with the two others who play the plain teens .
You will be sorry you spent your money .
It must have been extremely risqué for the time period though , with the shameless adulterous wife .
I really could not say a good thing about this film .
The way they ended up resolving it was that they did not .
In the end it might have work if they had cast the movie better .
For her presence brings nothing relevant or productive to the film .
Supposed to be a sequel to a comedy classic but it is not funny at all .
As another member said , this movie is a good example of ' how not to act . '
This film is a travesty , and is not fit to keep company with the superior original .
Sadly , we 're not laughing with you .
They seem like amateur actresses reading off of cue cards .
His family members reactions were of course .... predictable .
It suggests more of the latter than the former , and thus is pretty disturbing .
Now , this is not to say that it 's all bad .
I am slightly more optimistic than they are .. either that or they did not pay to get in in the first place .
In brief , this movie sucks like no other , rent it to laugh at it .
Sadly this is not the case one bit with no entertainment and a movie as bad as they come .
Nameless security guys with guns get out of the truck , you know they are already dead .
Freddy seems to be completely out of this one .
That is , you manage to successfully hunt down , and capture one alive .
If the following comments prove my lack of development as a true , artistic film maker , then so be it . . .
When help finally arrived she looked like a giant tick waiting to be popped .
I laughed out loud when a coach quoted scripture to explain to the kicker why he was missing field goals .
But beyond him there 's not much else .
They are his real monuments , even if all are scetchy .
This does not feel intentional , it feels sloppy .
At least as far as the reality it portrays on screen .
I saw this movie on mystery science theater when it was called
Not so much as the tiniest little shred .
Boll uses the camera with the grace and skill of a monkey using a paintbrush .
The fact is , at the end of the day , this film is completely pretentious .
Even the actors ' sincere input in the venture is debatable .
If it smells like garbage and if it looks like garbage , it must be garbage .
Thugs looking for the stolen loot and other assorted numbskulls add extra complications .
Deathstalker beheads a bad guy with his sword .
How a girl would fall in love with another girl instead of a man .
How a girl would fall in love with another girl instead of a man .
Granted , this seems like a good idea .
I wo not even bring up the acting , since there are no actors in this film .
If the plot does not sound too bad , you will be floored by the woeful presentation .
A night you will be in a hurry to forget .
I thought the actors and actresses did fine it 's just the script went sour .
Only near the end they loose a few comrades .
Worst of all there are so many awkward moments it 's just truly hilarious .
The monster who looks like the totem pole is actually kind of scary .
I was curious about how bad this show was gon na suck .
Their tents are typically bedouin with carpets decorating the walls and a high profile .
Just had to write that one liner , but it really is .
He does not even need a gun most times .
Given a better scripting , perhaps the film would have been more successful .
Ten minutes worth of story stretched out into the better part of two hours .
Time has not been kind to this school of acting , or to this movie .
I wo not comment on the toddler scene as it 's laughable and just another cheap ' shock ' factor .
It gratuitously portrayed investigating police as unprofessional and incompetent .
Words can not describe how utterly abysmal this movie is .
I do not knock or blame the actors for that , nor the director .
The deaths are so obviously staged and fake that you can barely appreciate them .
If you are interested in learning how not to act this is a perfect example of bad acting .
I did not realize that there was a season four .
A little explanation would of been lovely .
You wo not even see any till about the very end and even then , you wo not get to fight them .
The women get naked a lot too , mostly in situations that stretch reality .
Parsed either way , the film pretty much falls apart .
It is the film 's biggest flaw by far that it just does not make any damn sense .
Ferrell just has that unique comic talent , and he 's funny at almost anything he does .
Finally , neither of the leads is convincing in their roles .
I found myself unable to suspend disbelief for even a moment .
Here 's where the movie goes totally off the wall .
There was no chemistry among any of the cast members .
Whenever you run in to something you just stick there and you do not move .
There are really no new elements or ideas .
The rest of this movie is dismally bad ,
It should have been in another shorter format , surely .
So they try to prove they are heroes and fail .
They both do not try very hard to sound sarcastic when they 're saying stuff like
It was a serious movie but could not be taken seriously .
The premise itself is not unworkable , and there are some funny moments .
That is a good feeling for all of us who lack talent .
Blockbuster wo not give you your money back .
If he is persistent and virtuous enough , he might even defeat the evil enemy .
Eventually he arrives at the home of a conveniently old yet overwhelmingly loving couple .
It s a stupid cult classic with so many fricken fan boys it 's ridiculous .
This entire movie had to have been a dare .
From then on , the film just spirals downwards .
Everything in the movie looks dated .
The character development is not good at all .
I wo not be subscribing on this effort .
But , everything in this movie is bad .
It just did not stand out at all , really .
Quite frankly it seemed like seven hours of boredom as well .
Do not move your eyes too much as you read your lines off the studio wall .
Trying to be polically correct this movie still enforces racial stereotypes .
Whether it 's the transformations or the bad puppets or the cheesy computer graphics showing the superpowers .
Then someone goes tumbling down the stairs revealing who the real victim was .
It did have some original material , the beer bottle thing was brutal .
There are so many plot twists that you can never be sure to root for .
With about twenty minutes taken off the run time this could be a pretty decent sci fi thriller .
Sheedy is a strange actress and hard to characterize .
I do not know what that other guy was thinking .
It 's also confusing and pretty stupid .
Why anyone thinks this is a good film let alone funny is a true mystery .
Nothing about it felt real and everything was very cheesy .
The movie feels like too much of what it really is ...
At least then we could be laughing with him instead of at him .
Hardly enough dialogue to understand the story if you 're not familiar with the novel .
But , please , not one after another .
However , even with that accepted the movie is just not very good .
I would have enjoyed it more if there were just some random killings for no reason .
To tell you now guys .... there are some promising scenes .... but it 's really weak eye candy .
That ending alone could have sank the film completely , but what precedes the conclusion is not very good either .
She is a definite plus but alas it would take a magician to salvage this garbage .
She is of such superior mental ability that she ca not even operate the radio .
Then there 's the issue of camera work .
I do not think any human being should be so victimized as to watch a movie of this low quality .
Back then , women did just prepare meals while the men fought .
In the first place , they have not done you any harm .
Here 's a sampling of the lamer aspects ...
All the winners should be allowed to march up to the podium .
And all the action scenes look like a bunch of third graders putting on a play .
No such insight is offered in this film .
It aims to make the story relevant to a contemporary setting and in a musical style .
At one point a zombie follows a woman up the stairs .
The obviously low budget leads to inconsistency in the production values .
His version did not work , but he might have been right .
The film experience for me ranged from bizarre to entertaining to infuriating .
Few films have left me with such a feeling of unease , and this is not a compliment .
Daniella has some issues brewing under her attractive exterior .
I mean solving riddles in a matter of seconds .
It 's quite obvious how this movie got its funding .
I knew that two hours of her would be two hours too many .
This supposed classic is pretty intolerable .
The film is often ugly and disturbing , but that does not make it good .
Unfortunately , the perplexing closer is as dumbfounding as much of the rest of the movie .
I really wanted to like this movie , but it was just imposable .
When watching it , it feels like a soft porn , but with no nudity or heated scenes .
I thought the movie was a poor documentary .
But it 's really this ridiculous ride .
Finally , the predator found the headmaster of the aliens and killed it for no reason .
Frost is one of the worst slasher movies ever made .
I 'm a huge fan of horror and in my opinion the vast majority of these episodes are total garbage .
This sets the record for the worst , most effortless comedy ever made .
Of course it is the director who kills the women heroine .
The stereotypical hot chick and her best friends , who drive an ugly pink car .
This movie was a littttle confusing at first .
Perhaps it was the disorganized storyline .
There are some full frontal nudity shots in the girls shower as well , if that 's your thing .
He is the main reason you should see this film .
This film unfolds at a mind numbingly slow pace and nothing really happens in the action scenes .
The adults do not take their roles seriously at all , but this is largely a good thing .
This is another movie about a ghost out for revenge against a group friends .
How hard is it to write a watchable film with
Everyone runs around either being contemptible , petty , or pitiful , and usually all three .
However , there are several major problems .
The acting was mostly weak which was a bit surprising given the decent cast .
Throwing gore and disturbing imagery into the pot does not make a good horror film .
However , for my taste , it is harmless and predictable teenage fluff .
She 's gone from being a freespirited , headstrong woman , to a clone of her father .
This has led to some quite unrealistic character behaviour towards the end to confront the surging conflicts .
The concept for this movie sounded so funny .
Avoid it , especially if you like the actors involved in this one .
I was turned off by the implausible break down of all organized sports .
I was looking for a movie about art .
Try something that provides multiple points of view from qualified sources .
The zombies are watchable and the gore is intact .
They made that too much of a focus of the movie .
Tang should be after the movie for the little or no revenue this movie will generate .
So , as you can see , the story idea is not bad and rather original .
I 've heard it was changed because they were not able to secure the kind of budget they wanted .
Just some vague information about the dad was a jerk and so forth .
Naturally , the film cares to explain that the surgery does not have running water .
To me , this movie is slow and hard to watch .
I hated the film 's sense of humor .
Having zombie scarecrows go after them just does not work here .
The film presupposes that viewers already have ample knowledge and deep emotions regarding the historical facts .
It 's the standard cardboard fare from a vanilla plain script , coupled with some cheap scare tactics employed .
I guess this justifies the reason they chose to reuse footage over and over .
Let 's just say that the killer knows more than we were let to know he knows .
Not enough of the other scenes were to make this a keeper for long .
Okay , so they have all the fancy character shadings and nicely painted backrounds .
All in all , this movie nearly put me to sleep .
The only decent moment in this horrendous pile of tripe is when the dad murders his son 's tormentors .
Sure , it was clever , but the female lead is not that attractive and sex is not that hot .
But his main objective here is to slap around the disaster movie genre that was so big back in the day .
The man has no identity whatsoever ...
It was a pleasure to peruse the landscapes , sets and settings as the story unfolded .
Which is why drama prevails over any sense of horror in this film .
Or the woman you went to high school with bought the teddy you were looking at .
None of the actors in the film went on to greater fame , unsurprisingly .
Hard to sit through and almost impossible to follow
An exception are big bears , which are so fearless that they 're merely enraged by mortal wounds .
There is nothing original or outstanding about this flick .
That becomes more and more obvious with every attempt made in the genre .
I just do not understand how something like this ends up like this .
Unfortunately , that theme was not explored to it 's full potential .
I will keep this as short as possible as this piece of crap barely warrants a mention .
Unless their bodies are completely annihilated , they will continue being animated .
I did not like any of the characters barr the guy in the sewer cage .
You obviously did not reference any of these judging by the monstrosity seen towards the end of the film .
There problem is a reptilian monster is hunting them down one by one .
I know they wanted her to be tough , but shes mean , stupid and a bad chief .
Some meretricious stuff on screen here .
This screen writing device was known as the ' idiot plot ' .
This whole film is an independent cliché .
It is about a guy who has snails , and ends up killing one .
The book version of the film was much better , and well conceived .
Hector just got worse and more paranoid as the movie went on and the girl just got more hopeless .
Truly disappointing and shameful is the only way to describe most of the goings on here .
He had a more or less normal upbringing .
As for the title characters , they barely even have a footnote in the film .
A decent premise sets up an otherwise awkward story with no real payoff , but at least it 's shot well .
The dialogue was very dense and uninvolving .
These are supposed to be the states of the movie itself .
Also was this supposed to be a horror film because it was a lot more funny than scary .
He seems to get bored with each story and so he wraps them up rather unconvincingly and with little conviction .
I 'd also mention she decided to take a nap halfway through the film and at one point threatened to leave me .
The makers of this film tried to combine a comedy movie with an action movie , and they failed on both counts .
Goldie tries her best to save this one , but never succeeds .
From the power point esquire credits to the slide show ending .
Obviously , he did this crap for the pay check .
She never makes any attempt to drive to a substation or a donut shop and appears hopelessly lost .
It had absolutely nothing to do with surfing .
There are other films from the thirties that should be paid attention to .
However , it is so awful in technical aspects , and in sheer common sense that it only makes people mad .
He spends a lot of time and money on planes , trains and hotel rooms for his succession of liaisons .
But perhaps fate has something nasty in store for her too ...
Down the road however , the story gets convoluted with a poor illustration of ancient black magic rituals .
Down the road however , the story gets convoluted with a poor illustration of ancient black magic rituals .
The unintentional in this case is the music .
Many of the scenes were unbearably slow and long without moving the action forward .
That is , it is so bad that it is not even funny because it 's so bad .
I am not one of those people to stop watching a movie part way through .
I am not one of those people to stop watching a movie part way through .
And then people keep complaining that the amount of suicides and juvenile delinquency is increasing ...
The other starts at the top and comes down with unchallengeable claims .
Beals does look beautiful , after all .
The film looks beautiful , with each scene designed as a period painting , like a tableaux vivant .
There is enough topical material here for a truly great film satire , but it fails to come even close .
This is a movie about animal cruelty .
Pure occult rubbish .. stupid from the gate to the finish line .
He was quite possibly the least funny person on that show .
Bilal 's a master storyteller , but obviously not a master of every visual medium .
By todays standards , the film is pretty tame .
Though all in all , ninety minutes long , it could not have ended sooner .
The secret of soylent green is not a mystery if you do research on the movie .
The characters do not even act like a normal person would .
For each particular scene the snakes would bite the passengers and would stay on the body biting the person .
There were the standard dialogues like
The jokes , what few there were , were crude and age inappropriate .
The bad stuff wiped them out , but not before they could lock the door to the evil world and throw away the key .
Social ecology was not even mentioned here , which is really a travesty .
Then he tells mom not to say anything to the police about it .
No , she 's running from a bunch of bullies .
This movie seemed that it had a lot more potential and he did not do much to reach it .
The death scenes are pretty bad and the suspense is not really there .
None of the characters are appealing or sympathetic .
The tasteless , below the belt humor that worked so well the first time around is practically nonexistent here .
It tries to mock and confuse the audience .
Picture begins brightly but flags at the halfway point , becoming frantic and witless .
Here we get yet another one for no real reason .
Lifting parts out is not only not showing the whole picture , it 's showing a different picture altogether .
It is in black and white , the pacing is slow , and there is minimal scenery .
The camera was never anywhere logical , there was no consistency .
The direction was definitely lacking .
I was granted free admission to this movie and almost walked out .
Anna does not mention the incident back home and starts observing her husband and child .
It is extremely uneven , and includes many annoying elements .
It is extremely uneven , and includes many annoying elements .
I could tell it in two sentences it is so over simplified .
Till now second season is worse than the first one .
The songs are not bad , and the animation is clean and clear .
She keeps saying how much she loves him and she only met him , it wears thin and really quick .
Many points were left connected with no thought at all .
Annie she is cured , we all know the bogeyman will never die .
At least it 's not full of sensless violence or fluff .
The film is too slow , and almost as silent as a library .
She starts in the chorus and runs late one day .
This sounded like a really interesting movie from the blurb .
Sidewalk as a whole was a disappointment and this movie was the final nail in the coffin .
Even for all that , there was something here that kept me watching .
And the same problems and more exist when trying to fight with guns .
A bunch of vets pop up mostly as parents of the kids .
The entire world followed the moon landings .
What a grand idea ... let 's see if that already has not been mined to the point of futility .
It 's all really strange but might be improved if watching it while partaking in a little peyote .
The movie drags on and on and never clearly explains anything , it just keeps plodding on .
The plot just trods along with not much happening .
The heroine is as ugly as the movie .
There is no mystery or excitement in this film .
Any random landlord can cure death just by drawing a cross on a window .
Let me give you a résumé in a few sentences .
In fact there is not a whole lot of sex appeal to the show .
Bartha does not deliver it like a joke , either .
Cagney himself said he never used to watch anything but his musicals in retirement .
First of all , write the script on a napkin .
It 's a shame the production team put in charge of this new version obviously held contempt for the original .
Then the movie starts slowing down .
Do not get me wrong , the film has it s moments , just very few of them .
However the reason the movie is so predictable is that we 've seen it all before .
The story line , while some could say slightly compelling , lacked direction .
It 's not my place to dictate where the movie should have gone .
I know some movies are a ' take it as it is ' basis , but this movie honestly ticked me off .
And get over the slow mo cartridges coming out of the gun shot already .
Hodgepodge faints when the queen says he should be digested .
The best part of the whole production was the art work on the cover of the box .
This does give away some of the plot , by the way .
I could not believe how hard he tried to make the viewers laugh in this movie ... and it did not work once .
Wender 's insistence on layering many many scenes with some rock song is also intensely annoying .
Even he ca not make this movie exiting .
The movie feels quite slow at times and overall the feeling is the one of a good idea wasted on a bad movie .
The killer dumps the body in the lake , and then it somehow drifts miles upstream into the mountains .
But the very rare effects in the actual show are badly done and looks cheap .
This is not an action movie , there are two action scenes consist of a chase and a clash .
The plot is simple and straightforward , and it could have been funny , maybe , if the script was better .
It is simply disgusting and irksome .
I ca not believe how anyone can make a comedy about an issue such as homelessness .
The very end , however , is quote lame .
The whole film takes place inside a van which means decent scenery is out of the question .
There are no medium or close shots of his people .
With that scene the movie hits rock bottom and then against all odds proceeds to go further downhill .
Smokey bear says do not play with matches .
However , towards the end of the series , it was obvious that the studio had jumped the shark , so to speak .
These characters are not quirky , they are mentally ill .
They throw innards on her , but she 's asleep for most of it , so it 's just kinda dumb .
But this scenario reeks of silliness .
This revelation happens barely half time into the movie and frankly , not much is left to be seen .
But when the scenes shift from attack to attack with no perspective or context ... not so much fun .
I find the actors work quite weak as well .
When it 's retrieved , one of the crew members is ill , one is alive and the other two are missing .
I just pictured something so completely different .
The answer is once again appalling sloppiness .
The closing ballet is claptrap for the intellectual crowd , out of place and in the wrong movie .
The mate does not know she 's a werewolf and she 's fighting the transformation or something .
Many others show the characters wander in front of the camera and do pretty much nothing .
I would not recommend this movie to anyone .
I would not recommend this movie to anyone .
It was sort like killing a fly with a shotgun .
Oh yes , rewind and feast your eyes on perhaps the most racially stereotypical prop in a film yet .
Maybe we 'd missed something ... nope , what 's missing was missed from the beginning of preproduction .
This movie does not have the same feel to it that the original had .
Even when not compared to my fave cartoon as a kid , this show sucks .
Maybe someone will invent something to make this film disappear .
Grod have mercy on the soul of anyone unfortunate enough to see this .
I watched it three times , and not even the whole thing .
I ca not believe a bunch of my friends talked me into seeing this at the movies some sixteen years ago .
Directors are not interested in global cinema .
And the director 's needless fascination with focusing on gore is distracting .
The villain of the movie was a paralyzed sabretooth that was killed within minutes of its first appearance .
I 'm just starting to get sick and tired of watching gay movies that are bad ...
The whole plot concerns someone trying to sabotage the superbowl , and all the attempts made to stop them .
Stiller is surrounded by an array of comic talent .
You need actors , a script , a real camera , invest in some books on how to make independent films .
Lee can be hilarious , and he gets a few laughs here and there , but the movie falls flat .
I sat glued to the screen , riveted , yawning , yet keeping an attentive eye .
But with such inane material to work with it 's hard to make something shine .
Not a splutter , not even a glimmer .
Trust me , stay the hell away from this video .
One is a hustler , one a d.j. , another an artist who creates ' burners ' , while little bro '
It 's not acting so much as regurgitation of lines that he might have actually memorized .
The imitation snake is dressed in some scaley looking body tights .
I like gangsta flix but this was not even close .
He does his best to avoid losing control , but as he admits , when he does give in to his rage , he likes it .
She calls the mother anal retentive and kisses the father
The story dragged on and seemed to be lost as soon as it started .
Lester seem like a ham fisted know nothing .
It had massive plot holes and very little in the way of internal logic .
This vampire tries to seduce his prey by imitating a lost puppy .
Whatever the viewer wants to believe is up to the viewer .
The girls go through drunken rages , exotic dancing and other absolute nonsense .
There is no point in commenting on the plot , the cast or the acting .
Same goes to the actors , leading and supporting .
It 's a trademark that if the background is the desert , then the movie has no budget .
Everything is somehow related to the intro sequence showing a woman accused of witchery jump out of a window .
Oh well , they ca not win them all .
I had no idea what was going on with its numerous characters and multiple converging plot lines .
And finally , as i do like werewolf films , like i said .
I can only guess from watching this that the production must have been quite limited .
What it left behind was merely a husk of what it could have been .
This version is ridiculously politically correct .
Quickly edited , almost hard to understand , with choreography that 's so laughably bad .
They do not even know that he is the killer .
Alice 's smoking , drinking and uncanny way of showing up when her name is called is strange and interesting .
A failure as a horror movie because it simply ai not scary at all .
I can not express the extremite that this movie was .
Eddy stays asleep for the entire rest of movie , so it 's all a dream .
This is the least scary film i have ever seen .
It does not develop over it 's running time , and nothing reigns the directors in .
But when he climbed up said vent , there was no camera .
I really hope nothing like this is made again .
It was some secret society keeping creatures alive for centuries .
Everything happening in present time sucked .
This started with an intriguing mystery and interesting characters .
Very slow and hard to follow and see what was happening .
I think the main reason for this was some of the hilariously bad scenes in it .
Promise me this is billed as a comedy , but there are very few moments , which made me laugh .
It looks like whoever made this film fit it in .
Second , supposing the right model for someone or a situation is found , the model parameters have to be known .
Also why would they have a doctor playing a xylophone to kill the monster .
The story line is more or less same but is contemporary .
All ' ' professionals ' ' who were interviewed are not professionals at all .
The movie is just wrong in all directions .
Keep in mind , this is a deaf guy talking .
I though this would be an okay movie , since i like zombies and horror movies in general .
I 've seen the major characters in movies where they were much better .
They rewired the storyline and combined scenes and changed the order .
It is not a horror or science fiction movie .
They got so much unbelievable things in it , that it 's hard to believe anyone wanted to make it .
There is no logical progression to the story , the story line is utter nonsense .
Some of the kills are innovative but it took far too long to get to them .
A woman is killed in the beginning for no reason .
The couple expects to resolve their issues along the weekend in the remote island .
The music score is not remotely as good as the songs that come from the original .
It was distracting me from the rest of the movie .
One two three four five six seven eight and back , haha .
It 's really the direction that puzzles .
First off , the film was intended for children , much like the original show was .
However the dialogues cast a dark shadow on the whole picture .
Hitler was , naturally every scriptwriter is tempted to portray
We catch sight of them briefly during each pass around the room .
This movie was an exercise in patience .
The story here had no suprise , and it did 't help .
Suffer the boredom , unlike you may be led to believe in the film , this film is no cure .
I found myself pointing out mistake after mistake .
The director must have been a weekend bender .
I actually thought the film had promise at that point .
Overall , it 's a terrible film that is due mostly to writers who were certifiably insane .
The problem is that cheap music is not necessarily good music .
All they want to do is get a movie made and it does not have to be the one they wrote .
The most disappointing and defalting film ever made .
For those who want to see sexy vampires only .
I had not seen that kind of thing much before .
Here is the plot , and if you read it with a little inflection , you have the acting as well .
He 's a little slight and not particularly good looking .
However being a fan i could nt resist .
Bollywood also tends to feed on past blockbusters for furthering its industry .
It 's a shame , because if the movie was better executed , it would have have been ace .
The action scenes are more like than comics or cartoon movies made for exhausting the audiences .
It does not follow a straight storyline everything happens at once so that why it does not make much sense .
How a film could be so breathtakingly beautiful to behold and be so insipidly dull is beyond me .
It gets a little better toward the end , with genuinely disturbing finale .
And we do not even see the sex , either .
Most of the action was predictable .
The entire film is saturated with a hauteur that turns the stomach .
And it 's supposed to be around for a long time .
It 's as though he 's sleepwalking through the process of movie making .
He 's not exactly z list , he can act .
The camera makes fighting the enemy impossible .
And it might be forgivable if it resulted in even the slightest bit of comedy .
But , no , that 's really what it was .
Cutting off my left ventricle was not sufficient to distract from the pain of watching this movie .
There simply are no words to describe this .
I like artfully made movies and unconventional camera work .
The fine cast can not uplift this routine tale of a secretary murdered by her married paramour .
Rajinikanth 's image was totally damaged .
Basically , a bunch of girls crashed into a car , broke a headlight , and the owner of that car went after them .
It seemed to me a nice comedy with some silly moments .
I meant to go see how horrible it was but it was out of theaters in three weeks .
It would have either exploded in the air , exploded when it hit the ground , or become obliterated .
Pedophiles pray on stuff like this .
You would think that terrible comedy hurting you is ridiculous , but after watching this you will know its true .
The dialog sounds like someone reading the news .
Williamson 's accent is tough to wade through .
The only thing that is constant is the sex .
Melton seems like the obvious suspect .
If you 're not , then at least you can learn what bradycardia is .
One is only left to speculate that the weed they smoke has something to do with their finances .
Stevo does not really bring out the stunt double here , because there 's so little to do .
He noted that he does not just want love or a good time , but he wants a fiancé or wife .
That way she was able to just show her acting talent which the rest of the cast could not even get close to .
He is not nearly as clumsy as the cartoon was .
Everything about it screamed made on the cheap .
Maybe because the roads are unsafe , but there was no explanation for it .
It 's a wonder he even had lost his shadow and she helped him stick it .
In my opinion , despite the message that it wants to convey , this movie is simply ridiculous .
It was unnecessary , excessive , and comes without warning .
There were some gorgeous shots , but it 's too bad they were wasted on this sinkhole of a movie .
Miraculously , this is actually quite watchable .
This film did not even respect its characters enough to give their intelligence the benefit of the doubt .
The surprise twist of an ending is more laughable than everything that came before .
You already know how painful to watch this movie is .
Instead she drives to a half built subdivision beside a forest .
The incidental music is cartoonish and destroys any hint of dramatic effect .
The picture has little to no meaning .
But they never really go anywhere with it , and it eventually wears out its welcome .
Humor is cheap , dialogues are stupid and the cast is awkward .
In the end the projected man electrocutes three people for no reason then goes after those that have wronged him .
This movie took a concept and made it watchable .
This film , frankly , ticked me off royally .
It is your job to give advice to the moviegoing public so that they can wisely choose what to spend money on .
The forced and overly deliberate style feels amateurish .
She ends up in a mental institution after she starts believing that she is in fact a cyborg .
For this all to work , the dialogue has to be interesting and the acting real .
The script had so much repetition that it had to be easy for the writer to fill space .
I must have really disliked it to write about it this much .
But no , it failed on so many levels .
Somebody did not know how to operate a movie camera .
The woman has a husband who freaks out and wants custody of the snotty teenage kids .
And it is this lack of subtlety that really hinders
The only plank of wood ever to become an actor .
Granted the title is not totally misleading as she did sort of leave the grave , just not under her own power .
I advise anyone who has not seen the film yet to not read this comment .
Actually , this movie is her biggest achievement and that says enough about her career ...
Sorry but all my thumbs and toes and anything that can hang downwards on my body is falling to the ground .
They think that it 's going to be better movie as more they use that fake blood .
Do not just read articles that support your present opinions , read everything you can find .
Now keep in mind , we did not have much money ...
There are some good parts in the movie such as his flirting with the goat .
Oooh , how daring , how mind blowing .
His excuse is that he only produced it .
It leaves a very bad taste in the mouth indeed .
It may be something extraordinarily stupid , or something weird , or something insightful .
Besides it was not even a gator as the film would like us to believe .
His acting here is passable , but the script is so bad , that it 's difficult to even listen to the dialog .
The face on the woman later was decent enough for halloween but not for a werewolf movie .
The same voice , which comes out of every characters mouth regardless of age or gender .
I never understand why movies that start out good turn into a pile of crap by the time they 're released .
The rest of the cast are stalwart , true blue and dull .
Since the film never makes it clear either way the scene is just an enigma , staged to build some tension .
It was just sad to see how the mighty had fallen .
I simply have no idea how anyone has the audacity to put this on release .
They engage in some gay bashing of sorts by convincing a homosexual man to have sex with them in an alley .
There are only three characters in the movie .
And the musical choices are obvious and unoriginal .
There is just one word for this film .
Things would happen for no reason and other things would happen without explanation .
He does not pay attention or even really try at these jobs .
Add to that this little hellion getting into contact with a convict of some sort .
They were in fact , second cousins .
I honestly do not know how this won best picture .
The plot is too predictable for a movie that is not based on a real life event .
Women now have the right to date and sleep around as much as they want to .
You may have the potential to become a serial killer but you are not a serial killer or even a spree killer .
The cinematography was indeed the only highlight .
Despite its stellar cast , the performances are lackluster and the story nearly incoherent .
The script felt as if it were being written as the movie was being shot .
The acting is bad , the construction site looks fake to the bone , and the two other guys
Walmart buys these things up somehow and puts them on their dollar rack .
The earthquake scene in the mall is so contrived and completely unbelievable .
The same could be done in hundreds of other ways .
Hollywood should put a label on movies , just as record companies have that parental advisory label .
Just do not trust the back of the box .
It 's enough to give you a headache and it ruins the film .
Societies have managed to recover from heavy losses of their male population , sometimes with astonishing speed .
The first thing they did wrong was the casting .
I feel sorry for the guy who greenlighted this thing .
Having been banned somewhere does not make a film watchable .
It starts out funny and endearing with an energy that feels spontaneous .
It starts out funny and endearing with an energy that feels spontaneous .
There is pretty of nudity and very hot chicks .
If there were less sexual themes in the movie , then maybe it would be better .
I was not nearly as smitten with this as many other reviewers .
Minus the sex and the main characters the show would be much more worthwhile .
Maybe they should split up and start making films individually or maybe films with a different kind of story .
They should have left the evil eyes ending in it .
Berkowitz takes a great concept and grinds it into the dust .
The platform begins tilting slightly and in response the men move about in an effort to balance the platform .
Watch it with some popcorn and your buddies .
Both the concept and film have not aged well .
She falls down a slope , where she is disturbed by insects .
I really did not care how it finished .
This movie has all the clichés possible ...
I could not even bring myself to watch this movie to the end .
We beg of you to please stop cashing in on his stories , images , fantasies and characters .
It would probably make a better story .
Even if the movie was not particularly predictable , it still was not worth seeing .
It seems to be recorded on the crummiest of handycams , and copied on even worse equipment .
I do not see how this elivates women and their struggles by focusing on the topic at hand .
Very , very painful to sit through .
The opening credits are animated reeeeeaally cheaply , and it is just pathetic .
The filmmakers themselves consider it a virtual musical .
Do not even get me started about the story .
Maybe she did not want to hear the truth are you kidding me
The movie is boring , the characters and scenarios are unrealistic , unbelievable , the action is hilarious .
She seemed way calm for a mother who could not find her daughter .
Too bad the lighting did not compliment it .
It could have been very scary indeed .
But the movie went from being a movie to a left wing political statement , which is why the movie failed .
The most disturbing thing about this film is that it 's not so disturbing .
Something somewhere must have terribly gone wrong right at the time when the director was perceiving this plot .
But not to enter a state of total disbelief .
It basically is a movie to belittle blondes and to record the whole repetoir of blonde jokes .
The first minute of the film is so deceptive ... one might mistake this for a decent movie .
Tarzan would be the only primitive man on the planet who would have that problem .
The jokes would not have worked for gilligan 's island .
Her daughter is the sluttiest slut in town .
In the end you 're so amazed by all the new levels of stupidity you just do not know whether to laugh or cry .
This is a total thrash in terms of acting , directing , sound editing , soundtrack ...
He 's an extremely small boyish looking man .
The problem is that she can strike poses but she ca not act .
Amazingly , he has his eyeballs back .
The parts where the suspense was supposed to mount found me laughing at what was actually going on .
At one point , a guy who looks like an astronaut waves at the camera through some kind of futuristic glass .
The first half of it is far better as it gets pretty stupid in the second half .
I ca not figure out how anyone can get a budget for a movie this bad .
Seriously , that 's just about all the character does .
Nope gore is a blink and you miss it affair and sex is all tease .
Do not get me wrong not even the gore in this film is worth sitting through .
In particular the ending is a huge let down .
The gags like the hair doll and blatantly ripping off jeans commercials added to the humorlessness of the film .
Ther rest of it just repeats the same kind of mundane , inane comedy .
This film should never have been made , but money talks .
This is like watching a train wreck , you ca nt take your eyes off it , it 's so bad .
You can not even force yourself to watch this crap .
This movie was almost intolerable to sit through .
A pull no punches film that undoubtedly looked better on paper .
Drones , ethnic drumming , bad synthesizer piping , children singing .
It is , in all truth , one of the most boring experiences of my entire life .
Even the costuming was not particularly flattering .
The design once again was totally unimaginative .
The only cliché missing was the cat that always pops out in this kind of movies .
I think something bad is about to happen .
I think something bad is about to happen .
The movie is interesting if a bit too convoluted .
The supporting cast was not a help either .
Lee trapped in a sidekick role that never seems to gel .
Where to begin my discussion of pain .
Some unrealistic movie spoilers included .
The mummy is decent looking but is not shown nearly enough .
Second , he gave the ghosts a bizarre guttural noise that sounds like a gargling gopher .
Nothing that is going to bring you back , and nothing to buy on its own .
Do not let your girlfriend talk you into watching it .
It 's difficult to summarize the plot , but here goes .
I think that a younger and smaller girl should have had the lead role .
And , it had a naked chick on a motorcycle .
The movie ended being a pretty tame slasher flick .
There are many kind of art not everything is bigger then life and this film is not too big .
And then walk in the room , see a bag that was not there before , and just have a look inside .
Maybe a bigger budget or a better director could have made the rest of the film a bit more compelling .
None of these questions are ever answered .
None of these questions are ever answered .
He takes a child just as annoying and makes him sick .
She goes on that show with the intention of sacrificing her life to prove a point .
Let me clarify some points regarding this interesting life experience .
But it 's what happens next that was a big let down .
However , if you go into the movie looking for some laughs , you wo not be disappointed .
The storyline makes sense with no plot holes .
The blob moves so slowly that an o.a. p in a zimmerframe could escape it .
Not much of a glitzy arena in my opinion .
The plot is pretty much foreseeable , the characters are stereotypes , the editing too exaggerated .
In any event it is hardly a likeable movie .
The makers focused more on making it appealing to the eye than they did to the mind .
The entire interaction is painful to watch as is everything else following it .
The plot is predictable , and the development is sometimes erratic and often slow .
Creek , the mute button , and you 've got a fun night of improv .
It turned out to be some sort of flesh eating cult and the good guys die at the end .
There is nary a laugh to be found anywhere .
In fact that 's the only scary thing , the acting , since the deaths are not even slightly cool .
Newhart ended by telling us that it had all been a dream .
The film is totally predictable from beginning to end .
Lethargic direction ruins an otherwise compelling period story that stars the wondrous
Enough is enough ... sometimes they just need to stop making movies based on a concept that is long dead .
So you mean to tell me in this movie the bad guy wins .
Look at the faces and hands of the , supposedly , creme de la creme in the first class dining room of the ship .
But forget the rest of the group as we find out why we have never seen them before .
I did not care for most of the characters .
But that 's another terribly big hole in the plot .
I felt nauseous at the end of the film from the strobe effect of the scenes flashing by .
There is no logic , no human sense of quality in this movie .
Probably while he becomes older , he is loosing his childish charm but does not gain any charm of a grown up .
There are signs of technical ability but some reviewers have overstated this .
Or at the very least turn the sound off .
The acting in the movie is very poor for the most part .
No nudity and the beatings were pretty tame but the overall feeling of sleaziness wore one down .
Ringmaster is true to the show , as it is stupid and offensive from start to finish .
All else is plain commercial dross .
The movie presents a father and son who look like they could not every possibly have been related .
So much talent and work went into something so vile .
Just the movie as a whole just enraged both of us .
You say global warming is a major problem .
Now if only he could have stretched that shot through the entire trailer .
I am astounded at the positive reviews for this thoroughly uninspiring film .
Not even with all the big fireballs and dead bodies .
Dewaana as a film goes through the usual clichés .
This could be so much better done and the story seemed to drag towards the end .
In the end , you 're not frightened .
I guess it 's just wishful thinking though .
Hired gun and blonde fall in love and live happily ever after .
Do not let this title fool you , or the claims that the film is incredibly shocking .
Two old men sitting on a park bench .
The thing that makes it all fall apart is the total recklessness of the main characters .
This makes the film tedious in the extreme and the expected blood and gore payoff just never happens .
The film does not even give me an indicator of that .
It wants to be a drama , or an action flick , or a horror , or a romance ... what the hell .
And if that were not bad enough , there 's the bearded lady at the ice cream parlor .
Other than that , do not even think of renting this movie .
I then had the misfortune to watch the darn thing .
One of those movies that uses every stupid who dun nit cliché they can think of .
Getting rescued by a ship just then ... priceless .
All other teen movies are better than this one .
After so much walking , all you want to do is sit down for a few minutes .
Do not get sucked into this because of the above fine actors .
The period is not persuasively rendered , and the leads seem way too young and too vapid to even be criminals .
Shin teaches her the skills of a snake , tiger , etc. and she has to learn certain techniques to save the world .
Finally , not much character development to even get you attached to the movie .
Gordy comes to her rescue and convinces her to go to a lesbian bar .
It 's terrible , luckely no hiss on the sound but sometimes it 's way too dark .
The suspense tricks employed repetitively here were hard to swallow .
Thus we are left with a confusing message about rape .
No word that he has probably beaten up his former wife and she ended up in hospital .
The reactions made by people as they watch their boyfriends get their hearts ripped out is amusing .
Fun the first few times , but a hundred minutes of this becomes very monotonous quickly .
There is absolutely nothing in this movie that shows even the tiniest scrap of talent .
It is almost unwatchable in its ludicrousness .
There is nothing to show what happens to the protagonist and the supporting characters and so on .
I will admit the actors were generally quite good but could not stand a chance of saving it .
This movie , on the other hand , does , and for it , feels longer .
That is not only bloody unlikely , that is a retarded plot line .
The set was pretty lame , and it was not even good to make fun of .
Me suggest you stick to movie with lotsa bang bang .
City neighbors , but this one is bad .
Also there were just too many loose ties and plot holes .
There is not even a single sex scene , or at least not a believable one .
Factual errors regarding church history and nomenclature abound .
Xmas fluff that betrays itself in major ways .
There is more moaning than screaming in this one though .
With that said , this movie does a pretty poor job of proving that thesis .
I really have nothing nice to say about this movie .
If any one of the characters just sat down on the trail and waited long enough someone would amble by .
Just look at the marquee scene , cult classic hair gel scene .
There 's no truth , no struggle and a bad surprise ending .
The film crew believe they have been saved .
In life , nothing is guaranteed , but we always have that something to reach for .
And to add insult to injury , there 's a lot of singing in this film .
One would not miss anything at all if you do not watch the movie .
Then a demon comes around kills the men , rapes and kills the women , and waxes poetic about the meaning of life .
There is a mock movie trailer , that probably was not even clever at the time , for something called
I mean complete , all questions answered , everything makes sense , absolutely complete .
Five minutes of action followed twenty minutes of talking and angry facial expressions .
And even if he would , if the rest of his platoon would .
He 's in all these disaster movies .
The parent 's are nervous and try to get their kids to come back to them so they do not get hurt .
The concept of the film was not very good to start with .
That 's about the only thing that reconciled this movie .
Sarah seems to struggle to have to carry this show because she 's the only semi funny one in it .
If you are wide awake at three in the morning and this comes on .... night , night .
Then there are the specific references to the original which are merely plastered on over the cracks ...
If you want to have a better evening , videotape a bug zapper for a night and then watch that .
Nothing about the movie was believable .
This film is about as budget as budget gets , except for the aforementioned special effects .
Those responsible for making this movie have cheapened the art , and they should be ashamed of themselves .
This film was , on a general basis , bad .
Brett plays her role decently enough considering the script and campy story .
Part of it because of the amateurish writing , the careless direction , and terrifyingly low chemistry .
No amount of big impressive words is going to magically bring this corpse of celluloid back to life .
Most of the film is spent watching the man and wife drive or walk or stand around or sit at desks doing nothing .
I do not mean rules , but instead dynamics .
Aside from that though and a few fighting scenes , the movie is nothing special .
The barrel unaccountably explodes with the power of a small nuclear weapon , destroying all the mushrooms .
I 'm not putting in spoilers , but when it ends , do not think too much .
Then they head out and report the body .
He has a voice over even changing voice in mid sentence while we are looking at his face .
Unfortunately , this show does not even come close to delivering .
Once again , he does not fail to disappoint with his uninspired direction .
His strong visual sense is , as usual , undone by the appalling half baked acting of most of the cast .
And there are random dream sequenes ' that really do not help with the plot .
He then proceeds to search out models and strippers for the perfect body for the head .
I thought he was a newcomer , since his acting was so bland .
What looked like a prison was apparently a high school , the warden turned out to be the principal .
Everything is too flat , too pointy , too bright , and too candy coated .
It was like watching a live action cartoon .
At one point , an old monk turns up at the house to warn
There 's lights , smoke , mirrors , noise .
Murder by numbers does not take place in a single room , like the rope , mind you .
I want to kill my self every time she speaks .
The story is weak , jokes humorless , and the ending is expected .
But her career suffered accordingly .
The dialogues of the film are catchy .
Instead , the film holds the viewer 's attention like a bad train wreck .
If it 's written and directed by the same person , expect garbage .
Several of us watching it felt very nauseous by the end .
I watched the movie and was in pain during the whole thing .
I guess police ammo just kinda bounces of .
The last three losing presidential candidates were among that despised group .
So as not to be thought of as a totally square , old grouch please let 's consider some other points .
But it did not and that 's where the films falls apart .
You 're watching the wrong movie if that 's what you 're after .
I ca not shake the feeling that animal abuse occurred numerous times in this cinematic abomination .
I could not think of a course of action that would relieve the tedium .
In this film the idea behind the computer was to kill terrorist in training before they are a threat .
They had a different agenda , and did not want anyone harmed .
Most of the movie consists of people running down corridors .
Finally on the fifth try the psycho trips the dude so to fall on some sort of a bladed contraption .
Terrible movie with a surf theme that had nothing to do with surfing and no real surfers .
Their scenes that they share together are pointless and honestly void of any emotion .
The film just does not seem to show any kind of emotion or feeling at all .
It was impossible to remain engaged with this film .
The sort of film you could threaten naughty children with .
If a date suggests seeing this film , run.
The film also boasts just enough nudity to keep a boy of fourteen interested .
The basic story line had potential .
They present some facts in a wrong order , in order to lie .
Kind of fun in a so bad it 's good way , but leans more towards just plain bad .
Head up the pass and watch another oater because most of ' em were far better than this one .
It begins very badly , as if made to annoy the viewer .
I only remember giggling like twice the entire movie .
I really do not know if this movie can be called original .
There are no camera movements , no edits , no stylistic touches .
Yelling into a headset does not make it transmit .
Any similarity between the scientists in this movie and an actual scientist is purely coincidental .
Overall this film is a rather mediocre picture with a few amusing elements .
There were funny bits along the way to be sure , but few were original .
It is a cliché from beginning to end .
A villain leader often punishes those failures with miserable deaths .
Dean has turned the radio up to drown out the noise of what he 's about to do .
This movie contains no humor for anyone who has lived with a family member who has a mental illness .
To say that watching the ' adventures ' they get up to is painful is an understatement .
There are some interesting characters .
The peril shown ranges from ants crawling from a drain to black lines of ants all over the walls .
The distressed mother runs out of the church and the priest is left looking very alarmed while crossing himself .
It 's like amateur night at the studio even with the few professionals sprinkled among the supporting cast .
They can not refrain from becoming idiot and following an agenda .
For my money , the commercial was way better .
This is waaaaay to much .. so frustrating to watch ..
A long opening shot does not mean cinematic depth , it 's just a long boring shot .
I left neither entertained nor enlightened .
It 's kind of like the filmmakers wanted to change the tone for whatever character was on screen at the time .
I 'm sure someones going to call up the news guy and ask him to go out with you .
But like many comedians , the borderline between comedy and preaching can be annoying .
I 'm guessing he needed a little money to pay the mortgage , so he made this piece of dung .
Meanwhile , the corrupt boss of the pier does a deal with gangsters , giving them exclusive use of the pier .
A good action movie should last no more than two hours and can not look unrealistic .
Stan could mime and make whatever he would do funny , but he does not get the chance to do any of that here .
Then it was gay men getting the shortchange treatment , now we have the same thing with women .
The original product is a slow , dreamy , classy production .
With what seemed to be quite a nice budget it had potential to be much better .
The other actors ... well , i just do not know what their role is supposed to be .
If you just need something to pass the time while your electrolytes stabilize , this is the movie for you .
This might be just a personal taste , but comedy that constantly demeans somebody can not be taken as truth .
Maybe it would have worked better as a short film .
It 's what you would expect a bunch of kids to do .
This is a television soap opera masquerading as a romantic feature film .
This movie is like plain white rice cooked a little too long so that it is bordering on mushy .
It is no excuse , and does cheapen the art , however .
Bad acting , dialog , effects , dubbing , pacing , action sequences ...
The actors all did what they could .
The film does not even have a credited director , underlying the apparent fly by night nature of the production .
He must have wandered off the set of a much better film .
It must be a credit to his audition that he convinced them to cast him .
I 'm no film critic , but this movie was as predictable as they come .
Somethings die for a reason , even vampires .
Rochester into a dirty old man who wants a new young wife because his old one is of no use to him any longer .
There is not that much to talk about .
The camera action does not help , either .
This scripted performance within the story was even worse than his overall performance in the main story .
If any other profession put out work of this low quality , they would be fired .
The acting is pretty wooden and unmemorable from everyone involved .
They confront her about the note , cap a helpless security guard , and the chase is on .
This is a positive departure from the original and deserves credit .
Atheists he interviewed for the film were notable authors and scholars .
It s actually pretty despicable that they can use racism as a joke in this film .
There is nothing profound here , whatsoever .
Then there 's the dialogue which is brutal .
It makes you wonder why they bothered getting all these white people to play the leads .
This should be banned and destroyed .
Some of these viewer comments are just ridiculous .
No one has energy enough to crack a smile .
The special effects are unimaginative , there 's a problem when the effect can be identified in real time .
After watching it , you will say that it was alright .
Mostly for lost opportunities and bad career moves .
Cleese got paid a lot for having his name attached to this disaster .
It often attempts to be humorous but instead the film is dull , drawn out and even sexist at times .
The rest of the flick gives you brain damage .
Syriana tried to be strictly intelligent and it does turn some people away .
In the hands of a skillful actress , the gaps could perhaps have been remedied with technique and charisma .
Deadful writing that the actors do their best with , but they are doomed to failure .
In fact they did not once again feature an apple pie somewhere in the film .
The men are ignorant , lazy , oversexed goombahs .
Needless to say , homelife is not so appealing .
Charlie , unfortunately , does not have such friends .
It was really creepy how the killer was pretending to be the little boys friend , so he could kill .
She did not say much and looked pale throughout the film .
There is one interesting moment in this film .
It s one of the few times they 're not sitting on a couch or lying in bed .
This movie combines guns , explosives , and mindless killing to make one flop of an action movie .
There is too much irrelevant things going on in this movie .
I will try to finish with a few positive aspects ...
He absolutely does not fit this part .
A creepy old man gives them a satanic book and they accidentally summon up the powers of hell .
This movie must be in line for the most boring movie in years .
In short , this movie is completely worthless .
I was almost angry that out of all girls who wanted to be actresses , they had to pluck out her .
Summer is trained by a mysterious group whose identities are never revealed to battle the demon monsters .
Anyway , the script is riddled with such flaws .
The worn out horror plot is pretty much saved by the solid acting .
However , where the film is brought down is in the plot and the script .
The movie 's only redeeming factor is that it 's so incredibly bad that it 's quite funny .
The two as actors have no chemistry at all .
My first warning sign came with an actual warning on the film .
Macdowell should stick to advertising wrinkle cream .
Whoever chose the music and sound did a terrible job .
Rex shows some potential as he actually was not so bad .
The synthesizer keyboard was not invented yet , but there it is on the bandstand .
Because ' cruel ' would be the only word in existence to describe the intentions of these film makers .
He escapes unharmed but she is decapitated .
And all these things are done in such a way that your brain hurts from trying to figure out what 's going on .
The short , fat , gimped eyed old fart as a powerful ninja that was just hilarious .
And the animation style is very bizarre and distorted .
The writing is unintelligent and unbelievable .
None of these premises are inherently bad in themselves , but they are utterly lacking in inspiration .
In the cartoon it was a sedan police car and could turn into a van .
Prompting a guy who 's watching the movie to do the same .
The plots that have been picked up from the original , do not look effective either .
I watched it all the way through , but did not get anything from it but frustration .
I feel bad for anyone associated with this movie .
Anyway , if you 're a fan of bad , tashy camp , give this otherwise tacky movie a try .
He appears to be right by random chance .
I would still like to point out that this movie has two factors that might make some people like it .
Watch out for some nudity and bad language .
He seems to live in a basement area , but you would think some construction worker would have found him .
Bhat has to be lauded picturization the songs in a tasteful manner .
Here 's my other main issue with the film .
The special effects are lousy and the ending made me want to punch my television .
Not was there a single moment of fright .
Lots of blood , but no idea where it comes from , cuz they do not even show you the cuts .
This dog had so many holes it could be sliced and sold for swiss cheese .
Because it really was not dramatic either .
They have convey the grittiness that comes with life in the ghetto .
This movie could not even get that right .
Well that was time better spent than watching this tripe .
So they 're going to build barricades .
Watching it felt like it was being watched with a nasty head congestion or a nasty head cold .
But with the latter movie it somehow worked a lot better .
That would have been a big improvement .
But overall it 's just dull and excruciatingly not funny .
Finally , the ending was completely nonsensical as presented .
I wonder how three good actresses accepted to take part in it .
I went into this movie hoping for the best .
There are things you genuinely do not know how to react to , whether they 're supposed to be funny or not .
It made it seem like he 's urinating on someone below him .
Lemoine himself surely has the looks of a crazy killer , but not the talent to depict one .
Sure , they deserve nicer things that what they had previously had .
They want her to marry a boring guy their own age who is kind of in love with her .
The character acting is a little stiff , as if it is the first time man of the actors have appeared on screen .
The first five minutes of this movie showed potential .
After such a film , it would be enough to end her career .
The first rape is almost unbearable to watch .
Use your time to start planning and not filming until everything has come down on a storyboard .
But that does not redeem the film at all .
The script creates needless confusion .
Gammera is some kind of fire breathing turtle .
Then , the singing and the actual facial gestures of the real artists would have been apparent .
I think with real actors this movie could have been a cult movie .
Al could not run his farm any better than he could run the country .
It was absolutely agonizing to watch and had nothing to offer the genre .
They walk and walk and walk through the forest .
Well if you 've always found the plot line of a porn to captivate your interest , then this movie is for you .
To see a person with this low level of talent involved in paying roles , does beg the question ......
It appears to have been so underfunded they could not afford ...
Girls , model space ships , blowing things up with a bazooka , etc .
I have never seen a movie as bad as this .
All of them are cynical and uncooperative , almost none believing that they really belong there at all .
The robots are sad and the main hero ' bot is turned on by a huge knife switch .
Given the setting , this movie could have been something really special .
Characters are tall , spindly and lacking any warmth of design .
I am using this term although i do nt know why .
Anyway , when you see this one on the shelf of your local video store , keep walking .
It has to be ten times a bad as those films already on there .
One star for at least trying to do a halfway decent makeup job .
That would 've significantly improved the experience for me .
You would ask why he is with your son .
Changes are good , when they make something better , not to just make them .
I was looking forward to seeing a dragon fighting with the army with cool special effects .
The producers can not have any real regard for their place in film history , or their talents .
And the ending was at least slightly humorous .
Along with his endless pursuit of tale , he was rude to the people who actually were concerned for him .
It was a stereotypical horror film .
Acts of brutality interrupt achingly long silence and poor acting .
The ending , if predictable , is also nicely mean .
And for pete 's sake push that vein back in your neck .
Trouble is that her daughter is anything but popular , but of course she comes out of all that .
Now let me say that there is nothing wrong with this message .
The landing gear can not be lowered unless you have electricity .
This takes stigma against mental illness to a new level .
I thought the premise had a lot of potential and was ripe for an interesting movie .
This is not so much film as big budget children 's television .
A seemingly endless movie that really deserves a zero rating .
Quite unfortunately the dialogue is utterly stupid and overall the movie is far from inspiring awe or interest .
The quality of direction beggars belief .
It had this music through the whole film and it started to get quite irritating .
Antitrust also does not provide much suspense .
The bow is tested and , yes , it has enough poundage to drive a bolt through an enemy 's forehead .
This is a movie about love that fails to reach your heart .
This movie is the reason why i chose to register here .
I do not even want to get into what the movie is about , because it is too stupid to pontificate about .
This movie was not historical in any way and should be considered a fictional movie about a man .
Of course , this shamelessly manipulative marketing campaign should not surprise anyone .
He has less redeeming qualities than the villains do .
Supposedly she was satisfied with the final result .
But attempts to create suspense and surprise through distracting cinematography added to the unwatchability .
From the beginning , every single element of this movie is unbelievable .
This was a cute movie at first , then then got too sappy and featured mediocre songs , at best .
The story simply is not very interesting .
Like many people have said , it does not teach anything .
Hardly the world 's most scary villain and not really a step forward for women 's rights .
I thought the actors were asleep while they were performing .
This ... this ... thing insults the audience at every opportunity .
A prank goes out of hand leaving a geeky guy horribly burnt .
The horror at the start of the film was good but then the story kicked in .
Well , at least that meant that there was no room for a sequel .
That s all there is to salvage the whole movie .
It should be given some points for effort etc.
What little dialogue there is in the movie is as inane and nonsensical as the images .
Corrupt partner who caused the whole thing gets fried alive together with his payoff money .
Oh well whatever , besides there were more flaws to this rental than the title .
If the script would have come close to capturing a halfway decent story , it would be worth watching .
Like many mediocre superhero series , this one takes its villains far too seriously for the context .
It 's so bad , it 's not even funny .
Alone film would be a good idea should have their head examined ...
There are some scary moments throughout , however .
I do not think any version of the movie even comes close to the book .
You could not take a child to see it and you would be embarrassed seeing it a date .
Then look at what this film does and you really how badly done and concieved the whole project really was .
This movie is suppose to show the plunge from reality to the extreme lows that drugs make possible .
The differences in character appearance continued to irritate me throughout the duration of the film .
It is like if you do not believe that there is a monster , you can not care about .
And nearly all are directed without any artistry .
Stay for the shower scene and the boyfriend , and go on about your business .
Troma should have let this film rot instead of giving it a release .
I was dozed off , trying to convince myself to get out of bed when a horrific explosion was heard .
But at the last minute , the villain , who has no apparent motivation for his actions , reveals there are two .
We are merely to accept that they just exist .
We went from one scene to the next without much of anything in between , sort of like reading acts in a play .
His obvious bitterness toward white people does not help the situation .
It is absolutely plotless , feeling too flat .
If however , he appeared with a strange man in a mask , you would be startled and protective of your child .
Two farmers prayed for rain but only one prepared his field to receive it .
In fact , it is my goal to see all horror movies , not matter how awful they may be .
Three writers made a valiant attempt to adapt
Some of the sound effects were pretty bad .
We soon discover the ring itself does not grant immortality .
The actors worked way too hard and did not help the film at all .
It did not seem to matter to him that the product he was representing was pure crap .
His hammy melodramatic acting takes away from any dramatic interest .
We have a protagonist who is quite simply so completely useless that you find yourself rooting for the bad guy .
Aside from the fact that the main character is a well endowed blonde running around
Lee browbeats the audience in nearly every frame with not one of us are what we seem to be .
Some of the stuff was just too hard to understand .
I personally ca not recommend this unless you found it in a clear out bin for a dollar or two .
I was expecting the guy to be a jerk and it could have been a female fantasy revenge film .
If you like amateur student horror films you may like this .
Had this made the regular season , it would have rated among the worst of the episodes .
Rajni wanted to end his movie career with this film is it would be successful .
My main problem with these type of movies is simply the music .
If you 're going to rip off an ear , please do not let us see the actor 's real ear beneath the blood .
I wo nt spoil the ending but suffice to say it was a clever little twist .
I was sucked to see all of these instead of seeing some cool adult sex stuff .
Umeki 's appearance on the screen was short and without much of anything being depicted on her part .
The cover of the video box , if you can find the video , is extremely deceiving .
The composer tries to compromise by doing a score that sounds similar but it 's still just no good enough .
I believe that even children know that when someone gets shot , there 's blood involved .
You will be hard pressed to remember anyone 's face , let alone their name or find a reason to care about them .
This movie was an attempt to go into places most do not and perhaps should not venture into .
I went into this film with expectations , from the hype , that it would be insightful and uplifting .
Many historical facts were simply forgotten .
The scenes are sickening but also unrealistic in many cases .
You will need an extremely broad definition of comedy to find any here .
Even the scene cuts were bad , the flow was all wrong .
Who ever came up with this sorry excuse for a movie should be beaten .
The basic premise is a very interesting one also .
My advice , fast forward to that point , watch it , rewind the movie , watch it again , rewind , repeat .
In the end , the acting was what came through and not the plot .
There is no merit being faithful to a stage script when it is being filmed .
I 've tried to like this film , really .
Oh yes it 's like in the army , you learn to obey and do what you 're asked to .
She is the only thing about this movie that is not repulsive .
And the whole action in capturing chief is just ridiculous .
About fifty thousand square miles of it .
In the film , these women are not people , they are characters .
There were no gorillas at all in the movie .
The movie has a plot that anyone knows before they even read the review .
Do not base all of your knowledge on this fictional movie .
That was pretty embarrassing if you want my opinion .
The cars seem slow and they 're difficult to control .
This movie is an abomination , and its making should have been considered a capital crime .
As it is , there are guns , gore , girls and possibly even an exploding helicopter .
The name should scream do not watch .
The advertisements for the movie did both , which lead to my ultimate disappointment .
The priest seems to use warp speed between the two .
He may or may not be a good actor but this movie does not allow for that kind of character exploration .
They wanted to clear all preconceived notions about themselves .
It 's funny the producers even admitted they did not have a clue for the ending , and it really showed .
They wanted their film to be different .
You have to be kind of a dope to stick with a dope abusing dope .
Perhaps it was the characters who so unlikable and were not compelling enough to care about .
The spies rent a house in order to burglarize each house in the neighborhood until they locate the car .
There 's some miscasting here and there , or perhaps they 're sins of authorship .
The story is a joke , but in the sense of being funny , but more like no story at all .
You should know that , an early scene reveals what happens to the missing boy , answering the ending voiceover .
It does not feel real or fake , it just feels unwelcome .
The aroma of tax write off is permeating the air .
I recommend that all of you just skip the first step and go see a good movie instead .
And that 's only scary part to the whole movie .
I really have problems rating this movie .
Take this snoozer back to the video store and watch televised golf , bowling or tennis instead .
It functions neither as a piece of art nor a sound political argument .
Do not go for the storyline , go for the zombies and notice a continuity mistake .
Mija is a completely unsympathetic hooker , who yes , has had a terrible life .
The leads are all beautiful , and there is a distinct lack of male presence besides the negligible cop role .
The beginning does not clarify if it s a prequel or not .
Two things his wife could do with learning .
Skip this lame installment and any future ones as well .
This could be looked at in many different ways .
It was entertaining , but it was fundamentally weak .
I had little interest in a story that generated little interest .
I ca not even begin to tell you how bad it is .
Quite a fantasy , but unfortunately portrayed here as real look of life on the wild side .
It is not the worst film of the genre , but it 's far from the best .
I needed to get these vapid characters out of my life .
The director seemed to be in love with colored lights .
Advocating prohibition , and shutting down speakeasies , was a main concern for women at the time .
The dead bodies serve to provide the only indication that the characters are in danger .
A meandering pastiche road show manqué that starts nowhere and takes the audience no place .
And the saddest thing is the movie is too flat to even be enjoyed as mock material .
One character is sullen and removed from her peers ...just...cuz ... and then there 's a blonde girl .
Then the zombies finally showed up and they had some raccoon paint on there eyes .
For the most part , they 're just blank or you wish they were .
I really do not think this should have been made into a movie .
Lots of blood and some decent gore .
If the right director , actors , and budget got behind this it could have been decent .
I have been waiting for this movie a long time .
The casting was not all that good , either .
The casting was not all that good , either .
Neither the storyline itself nor the characters were the least bit credible or believable .
Sarah has none of the genuine character , none of the acting ability to pull her character off .
As there are not much effects in the movie .
Nothing was coherrent , humorous , or entertaining .
Then he goes to another house and puts presents under the tree .
This movie got off to an interesting start .
This movie got off to an interesting start .
The music is bad pop and bad punk rock .
He spends his days wishing that he could be rescuing people like the rest of his family , but he 's too young .
I could relay the whole thing to you without a spoiler warning .
The opening scene particularly annoyed me .
Bigelow seems to think that the more action , the better .
It 's just that they should not have done it in the first place .
The film is presented with a didactic overtone which highlights its poor character development .
The problem with the movie is not the basic plot , but how it is made .
It so amateurish that it makes me vomit .
The role just does not fit him , even if it s mend to be a comedy .
Save money and do not buy the rights to the works .
That might all sound potentially very exciting , but it just does not work as a film .
Within minutes of turning it on i realised i 'd made a mistake .
It is a bit hard to tell when people are zombies or not in this film as the acting is so wooden .
There 's a lot of unnecessary gore , and the plot is all over the place .
This one had the nugget of a great story , but was just poorly executed .
The acting was nothing spectacular .
The best thing anyone could do with this film is rewrite the end and give it some substance .
Even the romantic scenes came across as being merely the actors at play .
I guess the idea that you will either completely love this movie or completely hate it is a fair assessment .
I found this movie very boring but extremely hilarious in some parts .
If you 're going to call a movie a comedy , then it should be funny .
Fuqua had no control over this mess , and the final verdict only supports that accusation .
The character voice selection could 've been better too .
It has one or two jump scenes and it tries to make up for the rest with gore and loud special effects .
This is but one example of how they misrepresent the science .
Everything about this movie screams amateur .
It is an experience that usually is built for failure for most students .
There 's not much middle ground in this category .
I realize that bringing a novel to the big screen is always problematic .
At least , it 's not horror in the usual sense .
The filming is to black , at least the print i saw fit this category .
Was it the directing or the writing .
Point the finger at radiation if you need an excuse .
Secondly , the overall sloppiness of the production , with dialogues that were barely understandable .
Please do not watch it and if you did then vote so this movie can go where it belongs .
The story is just a backdrop for this very long commercial .
There is too much ' comic relief ' but that is par for the course for this era .
Those were better than this , and that does not say much ...
In the scene where the four roses were sitting at the table arguing .
Total incompetence all the way , this film sucks .
Taking away all our senses of security .
It 's just the paranoia of meth users .
But wherever it seemed about to slip into being truly scary , it backed off and went somewhere else .
After an hour we saw variations of the same scene over and over again .
This show comes up with interesting locations as fast as the travel channel .
This show comes up with interesting locations as fast as the travel channel .
This show comes up with interesting locations as fast as the travel channel .
One cast member escapes in a police car and spends the remainder of the film driving aimlessly through the city .
I thought this was a great idea but , boy , was it poorly executed .
The movie had so much to give , but could not .
They have no mortgages , rent payments or idiot bosses .
Nicholson was brave enough to admit that was a turkey .
Fiennes , pretty as he is , might just have killed his career as quickly as it started .
I see no reason she can not take this experience and somehow turn it into a career in some way .
It is nonsense to keep trying to flip back and forth .
Vovochka , the main character , is branded early as a bad influence on the children in the neighborhood .
The people who made this movie lost whatever it was that they wanted to do with it somewhere before the ending .
It feels too long , it 's tedious , for the most part , and not a lot happens after the first twenty minutes .
The acting is wooden and never believable .
Most predictable award of the night .
There are some redeeming qualities to this show .
Man pretending to be baby urinates .
Which is why we 've never heard of them , conveniently enough .
This is a film that was made almost entirely in the directors head .
Back on target , both girls do not do that bad a job , in fact they are very appealing .
I have read the book a couple of times and this movie does not follow exactly as it should .
Also this movie goes out of its way to have nudity .
I 'm not really sure who this couple is supposed to be in real life .
But after a while it just started to fall apart for me .
The film is marred by its much too evident voice over which introduces us to the main character .
Unfortunately , he does it way too often and each shot is nauseating .
He is the sidekick of the cult leader .
They seem to do things out of the blue , like robots , for no reason at all .
This movie just goes too far and delves into the black hole of comedy .
None of the sharp dialogue in the books is transfered to the screen .
Here they 're just a peg to hang the tale on .
The subplots are convoluted and annoying .
I 'm spoiling this film to save you the trouble of having to watch it .
The low user rating should give an idea as to the public 's opinion of this piece .
There is not one millisecond in this film which is remotely realistic , either in terms of events or characters .
Sure the show got a funny look but overall it was unfunny work .
Do not give up , they plan a sequel ...
It was so strange to see him put over so overwhelmingly , then go right back to his mediocre career .
The beginning of this movie actually looks somewhat promising .
There 's very little and what there is looks incredibly fake .
A movie is either good , or it 's bad .
All the hotels are booked so they have to spend the night in a creepy old house .
The writing , not the acting , is at center stage .
Even if they do they probably wo not remember this film after awhile as its not a very memorable comedy .
In fact , one of the mates flat out advised him he was not feeling a connection .
They prefer to go through one big round to solve the problem .
And there are so many opportunities he has in killing her that it 's ridiculous .
I love zombie films and even bad ones usually have something going for them but not this atrocity .
This movie does the same thing as those fools .
The acting is wooden , very few of the characters are believable .
No wonder it only cost me one buck ...
No other then that it got pretty stupid .
Hero expert fights against stupid , corrupt and incompetent henchmen .
Resembling a nightmare gone horribly wrong , each scene seems more contrived than the next .
Hardly said a word throughout the entire film .
I thought the idea of the movie was good , but the editing and the acting really drowned the plot .
It starts with explaining how hormones make you grow and develop .
The main character is totally unsympathetic and therefore a bore to watch .
I really do not like being misled to spend my money so uselessly .
I ca not comment much more because this movie is so terrible there 's nothing worth commenting about .
There are also a few crude sex jokes and comments that are not only not funny , they are in bad taste .
Do not let the name of this film deceive you ,
Of course the husband does not believe any of this .
I guess they deserve some credit for that ... well , the movie is not worth your time .
This movie is the exact reason why horror movies are never taken seriously .
Pacino would have been great if they could just have dubbed him .
Sorry , terribly negative review but hopefully will deter some people from making the same mistake .
It could very well have been the director who miscalculated what he needed from the actors .
It 's a flight that fails to even take off the ground .
There has to be an exciting plot or storyline .
The ' special ' visual effects were confusing and distracting .
Obviously , the person who guided her into this travesty is not someone who cares anything about her career .
The rating it has here is really hard to believe .
This is one seriously disturbed movie .
Here are my problems with the film .
I 'm such a sucker for sticking these things out .
The worst and most amusing part of this movie is the heavy moralistic tone that carries through all of it .
The only connection this movie has to horror is that it is horribly unentertaining .
This film is bad in a disturbingly malicious way .
The movie also begins very slow paced and is boring .
Yes , there were a couple of laugh out loud moments , although the movie could have been so much better .
Nobody in this movie believes in the characters they play .
It should be given to a male character .
I do not want to give it away , in case you actually are strange enough to see this piece of junk .
Whatever it is , here it 's as bad as it gets .
At one point , a gag involves some crude animation drawn directly onto the film stock .
In this case there is no quality at all .
Then back to these naked nymphs in need of a cure for gingivitis ....
He tries to explain to us the reasons he did what he did , but it 's really really so hard to empathize .
It appears to be cut of a fair bit of violence .
It looks like they take it way too serious .
Obviously as among humans , total psychos date other total psychos .
Do not see this movie but read the book .
Through in the mix a very poorly realized psychic who helps with the case .
A kind of symbolic rape , the girl runs away , both aroused and repelled by this man 's interest .
Acting is bad ... like soap series ...
I am by no means a prude who objects to the comedic portrayal of sexual antics on the screen .
I 'd been looking forward to it for months .
This movie looked like it was going to be really funny .
The three old coots are in complete control until they 're not .
Even less it was available at my local video store .
Mix well , then drain of all life and movement , until dull and lifeless .
Everyone involved should be embarrassed .
If you look at the first scene the film seems to be interesting , but a few minutes later it becomes busy .
Because the movie mixes so many different genres , the story also really feels as a messy one .
There is an interesting discussion in this movie .
A little while later , he chooses the body of an old , white , and selfish millionaire .
Perhaps my expectations would have been met had this been in the comedy section .
Not to mention , it 's unbearably silly never explaining certain key elements within the story .
Maybe the category should be changed to a ' glum ' film .
Actors are painful and its impossible to get into the text .
The antagonist turns out to be a wild , free spirit instead of a sociopath ...
And the way the people die is so stupid .
It deals with the subject of reincarnation and just does not fly .
The remaining cast is largely wasted .
The gore and horror aspects are especially ineptly filmed .
Naturally it 's all totally fabricated and prejudicial .
I felt this film did not have that .
Too bad she does not take her top off .
Place other fist , palm out , against mouth .
And children or non guilty bystanders are never harmed , when the professionals execute .
No progression in the plot or the characters and too much left unexplained and unsaid .
The cheesy saxophone music throughout made the film worse as well .
The plot is stupid and comes along way away from the original pie .
Instead , it is dragged out very long .
After that it gets worse and then surprisingly gets better , almost to the point of being original .
It was just meaningless scenes , unconnected in any way with anything .
Of course , the real stars of the movie are supposed to be the dogs .
The sense of suspense is entirely absent .
I ve suffered enough with this garbage .
So we have an animal that starts murdering people .
The characters could have been drawn better by my younger sister .
This film was totally ridiculous with a flying suit that was alive .
It 's an inescapable certainty , as this is one of the most notoriously awful cult movies ever made .
What this movie does not have is any drama , really .
If you decide to rent this movie , consider this my warning .
This is a problem with the film that is blatantly evident , to the actors and the audience alike .
Her performance was not strong enough to make you care about her character at any point in the film .
If you have a child do not let them watch this .
You really did not understand why anyone did anything .
I think it 's ludicrous that a dead guy would chose to reincarnate in the body of a completely unrelated girl .
The story is wrong and a complete lie .
This film made me want to vomit on numerous levels .
Xvid codec , with a larger resolution and file size would have improved the experience massively .
It would at least be pretty funny , unintentionally , if the story did not drag .
The scalpel made me wince a little but the hammer to the hand just made the hand look rubber .
We are most particularly never told anything significant about the nature of the enlightenment itself .
By all accounts , this could have been an interesting film .
Also , do not attempt to sway local opinion through the otherwise fine art of tapdancing .
Romero acts cowardly and flees before the army arrives .
In short , this film falls below every possible set standard .
I hated pretty much everything about it .
It features a really dumb story full of ridiculous moments and goofy concepts .
I watched in fascination and horror at the train wreck you could not tear your eyes away from .
Overall this is a terrible film by both martial arts standards and good movie making .
I borrowed this movie because not only because its gay theme but the thought of role playing really intrigued me .
The memory of how bad it was has stayed with me almost forty years .
Yes , some scenes were shocking , but the vast majority of the film is dull and makes you want to take a nap .
Each turn of the plot seemed to be an excuse to drag in more bloodshed , gruesome makeup , or special effects .
Sibrel 's smoking gun is a short video clip of the astronauts preparing a video broadcast .
The characters remain as flat as the proverbial pancake .
It appeared to have been written by monkeys .
If something red catches your eye it is because a white van is parked behind a bush by the trail .
They know no matter how pointless the plot is , and the more gore they can add , people will see it .
They were funny while the rest of the movie took itself waaay too seriously .
The few mildly funny bits go on way too long until you just close your eyes and grit your teeth .
But then again , it may have to be since he was talking to a little kid ... no .
I just finished watching it only five minutes ago .
At least get some good actors in there and then maybe it would have been pulled off as a good horror movie .
But worse than that , once the characters walk away , the tombstone actually , and inexplicably , bleeds .
The movie has only one flaw , unfortunately this flaw damages all credibility of the piece .
The comment about the writers assuming you already know the characters was apt .
The screenplay and the over dramatics of the actors made the movie , yet were completely hilarious .
There are lots of fragments i the movie .
I am very sorry that this film exists .
It 's a pudding that overcooked , hit the kitchen ceiling , and was pried off and cobbled together .
It looks like one of those movies out of my drivers ed. class .
You ca not connect to a single story .
I conclude saying that you 'd better watch something else instead .
By the time the movie concludes , all a weary spectator can do is wonder what in the hell it was all about .
The plot of the film is pretty dumb and convoluted in a badly crafted way .
Her daddy is outside in a van and he is all angry about it .
Do yourself a favor and watch the first installment twice and skip this one .
The dog scene in this felt so tacked on and useless .
Everytime they 're struggling , they desperately inject a sentimental reminder from the first film .
The plot holes could contain the collective egos of all three stars .
This is why adaptations can go up , but never down .
It was not a tragic accident , it was him basically being an idiot .
But this film really lets him down .
Alongside this , the cameraman spent far too much time leaning angles that do not match the message of the movie .
Pieces of schlock do not come any cheesier or unintentionally funnier than this ... thing .
It prefers to bombard you with unmotivated characters , bad dialogue , and unlikely event after unlikely event .
Of course word did not get out yet about how bad the movie was .
Upon returning to the safe , the old security guard reveals
They all seem so vulgar , without any basic good taste .
The ending was predictable as soon as you heard her character could not get pregnant .
If you are in the video store and this film catches your eye , walk on and find a better movie .
So anyway a small village starts having bodies turning up that have been drained of all their blood .
Just show him arriving on the island for an investigation of a missing child .
At the other end of the spectrum there are those films that simply do not deserve to be mentioned by name .
Casting exasperated the dreary dialogue which resulted in relationships lacking warmth , chemistry or conviction .
I was shocked on how poor this ' movie ' was .
Well , maybe they should have had the bear eat the kid or something .
Blue screen an effect shot , but not an entire movie .
The characters are more like caricatures here with only their basis instincts to rely on .
I wasted precious time which they can not give back .
In order to have a plot there must be a conflict .
In order to have a plot there must be a conflict .
He seems to be a throwback to the alien plot line , because he 's playing it inhuman .
They are out there to save rock and roll .
Second , the plot of this movie is despicable .
The clichès are more than boring , the gore is minimal , and so does the mystery .
Sadly this felt like a huge step backwards .
This movie had the potential to be far more than it was .
As mentioned , the stuff they do here is impossible even for true geniuses , which these kids are not .
Streisand , on the other hand , exhibits not one moment of honesty in her entire time on screen .
The police girls looked extremely sexy in their little uniforms .
He 's supposed to look normal , and he turns evil .
This movie is also noteworthy for having the sequel which never came .
Unfortunately , you will never know the answer to that question .
Like so many media experiments , this amateurish effort contains seeds of a very interesting social commentary .
Except for a variety of monsters that seem to be stalking them for no apparent reason ...
Let 's face it , nowadays it 's hip to laugh at anything politically incorrect .
But in practice , it failed dismally .
The producers , and directors , chose the latter .
However if watching horses mate gets you off this film is for you .
He does not do a good job here though as the story is a mess .
The new guy gets an adrenaline rush from his work .
The opening scenes move as fluidly as frozen velveeta .
Without the pity the movie is pointless .
The production is handsome , but the interiors are far too dark .
As usual , the hype from the media and the expectation from the fans were way beyond limit .
She told me they 'd never have an interest or need to do it .
His head is chopped off and buried separately of his body ... sounds like
And whoever that person is , should have his or her head examined for actual brain activity .
Snipes seems very natural as the ballplayer .
We are only a minute into the film and already the film has reached a monumental level of stupidity .
Always a bad sign when a film is advertised as a comedy .
Maybe her mother finds out or one of her friends tries to get rid of him and ends up seducing him .
This film is boring , because it hardly ever leaves those rooms in that broken big house .
There was not a hint of depth to her character , but then there probably should not have been .
This is a case of a bunch of people thinking they are so clever they have a story that fits the time .
These people are frustrated and are full of angst , and all we do is to laugh at them .
She ruins any humor to be found in this drier than mummy dust relic .
That is unless you enjoy homophobic stereotypes .
I really had a hard time just getting through this film .
I just never connected with this movie .
You will feel dumber for watching it .
In this film the violence is about as crass as you could ask for .
The four rating is for the initial potential the story might have had .
The suicide of a colleague of the woman that seems to set off events in the film is not a subject in itself .
I like the old man eating the mashed potatoes because he did not have any teeth .
But there 's lots more to chuckle and snort through in this turkey .
Whatever happens , and wherever they go , they fight .
Hell you can slim down but you can not gain grace .
Buyer beware ... unless you are into masochism .
Unable to adequately care for her young daughter , she gives it to another woman to raise .
The whole thing just does not hang together or have a point .
A chemical spill is turning people into zombies .
It 's a shameful attempt at action and is quite possibly the most depressing movie ever made .
Go figure then why a studio will pass a better script because of the language or violence ...
We produce pretentious second rate piffle .
The story is convoluted , and the production is amazingly sloppy .
Though , maybe the idea was good but the effect miserable .
This movie is bad , but not amusingly so .
Stiller 's schtick is getting tiresome .
There 's people sitting in a movie theatre watching that movie .
This is a movie about making a movie .
Watch for any other reason and you will be disappointed .
I watched then with very low expectations .
I watched then with very low expectations .
I watched then with very low expectations .
However the story has less cool bits this time .
My god it is actually embarrassing to even watch it .
It was the role which he is miscast in , not his age .
In defense of that scene , though , it got the biggest laugh of the whole movie .
The difference between the two is disgusting .
They mumble lines that were designed to get laughs on the stage .
The movie uses a cutting edge title for a lame story .
The embarrassment comes from being from the city where they made it ...
Despite of being engaged , they have to take permission for every little move they make .
Throwaway viewing for a rainy day maybe ...
They can not kill us , they can not throw us about the room or fly a knife into our head .
Nor any of the other sequels , except the third one .
Every scene is broadcast nearly fifteen minutes in advance .
Pressly who plays the daughter looks totally unattractive in the movie .
Also the house lights are on and some objects in the house have been broken .
Not to mention that the plot is full of holes .
This movie was very low low low low low budgeted since nothing in there was damaged or destroyed .
Well apparently that was too much to ask for .
But let 's assume that none of us are morons .
Which is odd , in that the students at this school are both wealthy and abundant .
It did not really meditate on anything .
When the movie ended we were the only ones left in the theatre .
To me , his character is unnecessary to the film 's plot .
The car sequences were average and they do not save an already troubled film .
I only gave it three stars because the guy who played the black coach could actually act .
We almost walked out , but kept thinking surely something would happen that would perk things up , but nooooo .
If you are having trouble sleeping then all means rent this film .
Shame on the actors for taking this work and even commenting on it as some piece of work they can own up to .
If that does not thrill you , then stay away .
But that s not a big problem since they movie was set in the phillipine islands anyway .
And it turns out useless for all intensive purposes .
Night makes you wonder , just who in the world greenlit this crap .
The characters are one dimensional and over used .
My limited knowledge of hypothermia and its effects rendered at least one scene laughably ridiculous .
Vidal 's original provided much potential that was pretty much wasted .
White is in my opinion a bad movie on an artistic point of view .
It actually appeared that maybe the actors were reading from a script the whole time .
Then they befriended the two extremely vulnerable women .
Now maybe in a short film form this movie would be good , but other than that , avoid it .
The other problem is that the actress that plays
This film is stale , and misses the mark .
We 're treated to countless establishing shots of naval ships , all the time , which get annoying .
The honourable intentions are there for all to see , but the end result does not do them justice .
The writing simply is not that good .
I thought it just mostly found cheap laughs and took them .
The mixture of the two genres could have been hilarious .
It is obvious that he has trouble with logic .
I just ca not believe they would dumb down what could have been a great story .
Plus , the main bluesy theme is horribly quaint and entirely wrong for this .
Plus the dysfunctional family thing 's been done to death .
Even in the context of the movie , it makes no sense .
They seem to always involve screaming , unhappy show producers .
Here she looks great naked but actually is much more appealing in her silver attire narrating the ' drama ' .
Or maybe if that was the only part of the movie that you watched , just girl on couch using a vibrator .
Or you can simply take the format of the original and try to render it in cinematic vignettes .
Sometimes they want us to see him as a poor guy with a heart of gold .
We 're given an unbelievably long tour of this house and the husband sees a figure in an old mirror .
Says the filmmaker has some sort of cult following in the description .
How anyone can be entertained by this drivel is beyond me .
The men go to sleep and are left unharmed .
No clue how it 's getting such a high rating .
Every time you think your silly battle makes some sense , they invent another ridiculous twist that makes no sense
This could not be further from that .
I told my daughter they were on their way to the cemetery .
This is probably material for sicko 's jurking off on extreme gore .
There is not much of an arc to this story .
This turd is pure violent exploitation , a really nasty piece of work .
How did this script get greenlighted .
Eventually this all leads to disaster .
The ending seems like it 's thrown together , which is a shame .
A finer group of actors , you could not find .
Although my assumption was not dead on , it was not that much of a surprise .
My advice , do something a little more useful with your time .
With a few exceptions the acting sucks .
With a few exceptions the acting sucks .
Sutherland is the best pal who believes his guilty because there would be no movie if he did not .
There is not too much to be told about this film .
And just to prove that it was contrived they rolled the credits backwords .
The whole thing feels like scenes pieced together from other movies of various genres .
Does anything at all happen in this movie .
Most of the males in the audience where probably bored by the silly romance aspect of the film .
None of the characters work out really .
I 've never seen any other films with this guy in , but at no point was i rooting for him .
But then they get into the bank and decide to go to sleep .
There were absolutely no surprises .
The film starts with a voice over telling the audience where they are , and who the characters are .
Hopefully the evil will be buried with it for all time .
She does but , oh no , she dies as she does .
Then the fights just become a tool to stretch time .
I 'm not sure what points were even trying to be made .
I 've never seen such stupid people in a movie .
Someone with twisted intestines has been healed .
Teal 'c speaks talks and acts like a robot .
These are much better choices over this piece of crap
There , he meets a happen ' chick and they then sit around philosophizing for hours .
A lack of a live audience was a distinct disadvantage to him , and he was never completely comfortable in films .
Except for the fairly good makeup effects , there 's really not much to it .
If someone was watching this movie without having first read the book , they would be confused .
Little realism is needed plus the story is way too predictable .
I felt drained after watching it as if my brain was liquefying and draining out my nose .
Such is the blatant obviousness of this film .
It could have been great if he just had of given a care .
The special effects were amazingly bad .
The special effects have not stood the test of time and look dire .
There is really not much here on which to comment .
Mainly because it was not written by a monkey .
The artwork in this film seems quite raw and less detailed .
He really can not be underestimated .
There is not one likable character in this adaptation due to poor acting .
They should have given that kid a haircut .
Actor who plays the three sons has no talent what so ever .
Also there are too many characters and no character development .
I mean there were some parts that were okay and somewhat humorous in a cute kind of way but that 's about it .
The killings in this movie is not that bad , but for sure the movie is .
I tried to watch the sequel , but it was exactly , exactly the same thing as this movie .
Somehow that just felt like a clumsy and inept way to end a movie about con artists plying their trade .
And some of the deaths could have been better .
Apparently a coven of silent witches owns the mountains and they practice voodoo on trespassers .
The story is a lot of nonsense about some stolen videotape or something .
We kept watching hoping for something interesting or funny but that never happened .
Indeed strong points are sadly lacking .
But the editing left much to be desired .
It 's pretty much an insult to the audience 's ability to figure things out .
Well , i could nt get into the plot , but that s just me maybe .
Big directors should have no problems seeing beyond their time , not behind .
Big directors should have no problems seeing beyond their time , not behind .
But , otherwise , the viewing experience is relentlessly monotonous .
It begins with a random old security guard and the younger punky security guard whose name is of no importance .
She 's a good actress , but seemed out of place in this role .
My mistake for continuing to watch .
This makes it impossible to care what happens to them .
The locals decide to lock them all in a theatre , and kill them .
Surely this guy knows acting , what he does not know is better way of choosing roles .
It was not really funny and in some cases it was just downright stupid .
The characters were underdeveloped to say the least ... for example , all of a sudden the man mentions
The story should be redone by someone , some day .
There is a fair amount of gore , and lots of female nudity to keep the viewer entertained .
Business as usual , no way a giant snake will stop me from getting my caffeine on .
Indeed , it 's supposed to tell a sole story .
Indeed , it 's supposed to tell a sole story .
I agree with the previous writer that it is not even funny bad .
The story just never made you care about the cast and the movie seemed just pieced together .
It 's about a guy that came from nothing , and goes on to become a drug lord .
There 's a good deal of nudity , though that does not save it .
In this way , the movie was inappropriately solipsistic .
But instead , researchers keep falling back on pedantic , anthropomorphic observations and assumptions .
It is illegal to not have an emergency exit in school .
It is so bad it actually bothers me to think what better things the money used this could have gone on .
Nothing was developed , leaving huge gaping plot holes that nearly everyone fell into .
Overall , it was just bad that the movie was so extremely off .
The ways the killer killed his victims was very horrifying and disgusting .
And the man at the beginning , who appears to be the one that takes the money , is the one .
If someone would have taken some time and effort to rework the whole thing , it may of had a chance .
The answer seems to be the inordinate film time spent indoors , with fancy colorful clothes and ornamentations .
The film was the bomb , the series suck .
Unfortunately these things did not matter at all .
You have an vague idea of the plot , no spoilers that could kill the fun , very high expectations .
But not one of them is presented in a coherent way to create one good film .
There may be too much intelligence in her performance .
It 's a movie that it should not be watched by anyone .
Otherwise it 's just a middling effort .
He was obsessed by the devil or some such nonsense .
It 's absolutely dreadful , and this coming from someone with a stargate in her basement .
This is not just a so bad it 's good exploiter waste of time , but a genuine , hilarious , movie atrocity .
Hell they even throw in some graveyard action , with no prevail .
Many people here say that this show is for kids only .
Margaret has become disillusioned by her profession and her inability to really help anyone .
The boys are having their stag fight and screaming and yelling and hacking at each other .
You can just tell that there was not a huge amount of money floating around for production .
In fairness , it 's an interesting idea .
I have no axe to grind on the commercial value of a work .
There 's no actual plot to describe .
It has the same weak production value , but there 's much more wit , humor and talent behind it .
The fighting , the idea of fighting , is taken far too seriously .
Michelle really did not have to act at all to make this movie ... she just practiced her frowning skills .
It makes me a little sad to talk about how lame this film is .
But their glamorous displays are , alas , wasted .
I , and the people surrounding me , are chuckling .
If there was more of a background story , it would have been better .
This is a frustrating story , and why they make the sadistic mouse the good guy is beyond me .
It gave me the impression that he wanted to be a gangster .
And obviously , here , that does not work .
Some of the people in the theater left before the movie was even halfway done .
She screams and leaves the house lamenting how awful he is .
All the positives still do not make up for the boring movie it is .
And how they got the money to make it in the first place is an even greater mystery .
The director obviously loves the rather large leading lady .
These directors are mailing this tripe in .
So not only is this flick slowly paced but the zombies look like crap .
Making that part of the movie as scripted as a camera left on at a train station .
The actors play a huge role in whether it is a hit or a flop .
But my love for a city and a country does not flesh out a vacuous film .
Thornton 's character does not have the sophistication to tip the bellboy more than a dollar .
That was a stupid mistake inside of the overall story .
Or , as they say in the biz , my girlfriend 's brother had the remote and the rest is history .
Plot twists were numerous but consistently predictable .
I have seen a movie made by people that know nothing .
This may seem like quibbling , but characters in this film reliably fail to employ any kind of common sense .
There is nothing new or original or even originally told or filmed in this movie .
They had to attract the sexist boy gamers you see .
It could work if he followed up on it with something better , or if he dropped it altogether .
One never runs over a hoodlum running from a crime , but some poor little cute kid .
I sure hope that all they do is sing and make toys .
He 's the kind of guy who finds the scent of dog poop intriguing .
It basically is a couple old farmhouses and some sheds at the end and of course the woods .
Peet does not suck outright , and is in fact the only half good thing about this wannabe film .
At one point the natives get angry and start killing the tourists .
The killings are gruesome , but nothing we have not seen before .
I would not recommend watching this one ...
There 's plenty of blood and violence , but that does not impress me at all .
As a regular movie watcher , you do not pay attention to angles and such unless you decide to look out for it .
Ash 's mom to pretend to be the girl 's .
There is no pretence here at cinematography .
Her main goal is to go after the villain who is also a woman , but the villain hires a guy to kill her .
He does not and exclusively kills misbehaving adults .
Pandemonium is not up there with those films .
It has extremely cheap acting and is very low budget .
The young girls singing is not bad but still does not compare to the original
The only real highlight the film has where personnel are concerned comes from the nymphs themselves .
I thought watching employment videos on corporate compliance was tedious .
The songs start off very well and suddenly the tunes drop drastically .
He can and has broken away from his usual stereotyped part successfully .
Like some guy sitting there up in the sky telling us what to do or whatever the line was .
Her character has no redeeming qualities .
The only thing that stands out is the utter disregard for dialogue .
The ending is suppose to be a tearjerker .
Not only did they cut out half the story line , but they altered information .
I wanted to punch them both in the nose .
And we do not have a moment 's doubt about who 's who .
They apparently urge their writers in the same way .
One could argue that he does not answer , because it 's none of their business .
Alas , even geniuses make mistakes .
Instead , we 're given some of the most repulsive protagonists committed to celluloid .
Now , that s not my only problem with the film .
I could not tell which was the love interest .
An example of supreme idiocy comes at another moment , a character jumps out of a bathtub and runs at the camera .
Peoples who not programmers not will see something awful at that movie , because not professionals on this .
I should have never watched this movie .
She even asked him to get a rubber so that they could begin .
Unfortunately , this is a show about lawyers who are not really lawyers .
There was hardly any gore and even the sex scenes were toned down .
The basic problem with this movie is the kills and gore .
Totally impossible to take any of this seriously .
But now most of them is dumb , cheaply made and boring .
The anticipation on the way home was far better than the film .
She looks manly and delivers a strictly average performance .
The story , on the other hand , is pure rubbish .
Most of the other characters are fairly devoid of personality , and none have any problems or issues .
Someone has to break this stupid trend .
The movie sucks and sucks with power .
I m getting dirty looks , but this was just a debacle .
Another reason was the look of the movie .
Seriously , do not even think about watching this one .
I need to go do something , anything .
In all probability , nothing much will come of it .
But they threw it all away on silly evening frill and then later on with maudlin war remnants .
Like other reviewer said low budget film with bad actors .
What really irritates me is the writing and the plotting .
I only wanted to be entertained for a few hours and eat overly buttered popcorn .
Keep shoveling it down your throat until your face turns green with nausea .
This is utterly unwatchable from start to finish .
It s the first time she was begging me to push the stop button .
I must confess that a moment or two of genuine humor can be found between vast stretches of unintentional humor .
They must have paid the writers standard rates .
For some reason along with being a detective , he 's also a bad comedian and a bad impersonator .
Haig makes missteps , his press room performance is historically regrettable and he is difficult .
Anything except for my few phobias , but this movie is absolutely horrific .
A huge storm comes , and fills their swimming pool with nasty water .
The film is ultimately awkward and embarrassing to watch .
He does not even bother research a way to get back to being visible .
Overall , there are too many characters , so that nobody and nothing is especially detailed .
Anthony never died of injuries obtained in battle as depicted .
He 's like some kind of cinematic cockroach .
It 's fitting that he had such a useless role .
The first thing that threw me off was the title .
The mystery is how such a wealth of talent could grind out such an awkward , misguided muddle of a comedy .
I found myself not the least bit curious about what they would do next or what might happen to them .
So really , do not bother with this one .
Irritating , confusing , beautiful and emotional by turns .
Because of his kindness , he becomes vulnerable to two psychotic women .
For instance , the fire in the kitchen , fire is the most important thing on any ship , nuclear or not .
The scripting between the creative gore moments is rather unbearable .
I could feel my teeth grinding themselves down into powder .
Heck , even the novelette prologue was not so bad .
Each character was portrayed in a less than inspirational way .
Cabbages , mollusks and mildly retarded lizards are all likely candidates .
The zombies look like they applied too much eye makeup .
I do not wan na ruin the ending for any of yas , but it 's not scary .
But if only we could get out of this hick town and go to college .
The show would work much better if filmed in front of a live audience .
When he was not on the screen , the thing went dead .
The whole movie is supposed to be a satire .
Either that or it was just traumatisingly bad or both .
Another thing that really irks me about this show is how
Someone who saw that event on the news apparently thought it would be good to devise a film along similar lines .
He runs into a similarly sheltered woman who was unmarried and spent her prime years caring for a sick parent .
Yes , you guessed it , said car careens off a cliff within a few short seconds .
The writing and directing jobs are dreadfully done , with a few scenes you ca not hardly take .
He is too old for the part , with an even older stuntman filling in for him .
Oh , and the police never seemed to find the car or trace the owner of the wreck .
And that 's the problem with the film .
Here 's my additional ' two cents ' to the already posted , excellent ' lost in translation ' review .
The budget must have been next to nothing , given the shortcuts and repeats .
Maybe this was not the real announced movie , instead it is from a bizarre dull parallel universe .
Like it did not work the time a chimp was in it .
It was not interesting enough to be dramatic .
The story starts off well although it makes me wonder how he could count on his wife hanging herself .
Oh yeah , he also tells us he 's in a prison cell , although that turns out to be a dumb metaphor .
It seemed to cheapen the ideas and did not provide anything new .
Watching this was like getting a large mackerel slapped in your face over and over again .
It suggests that kids are brainless .
But i guess thats scenarists fault .
In the film world a turkey is a monumental flop as measured by box office receipts or critical reception .
Actually this movie do not have much in common with the first part , and this is worse than it in every way .
Anyone else would be far too world wise to get even a snicker out of this film .
Okey , there where buckets of blood , but it did not even look real .
I sat there stunned at how something so riveting and emotional could be drained to nothing .
Everything here is just way too standard .
It was as if she did not want to even be in the movie .
That is why its rated for children .
The movie is an ugly and demeaning fictionalization of the truth .
The film is about a sabretooth on the lose at a amusement park where teens are on a scavenger hunt .
The characters were little more than cardboard cutouts .
But somehow he always managed to bring in some star to attract his horrendous movie .
But the special effects were absolutely horrendous .
We do not feel these are real people , but cardboard cutouts acting in a marionette play .
So if any of this is your cup of tea , watch this movie .
I mean , how hard is it to make a story about dinosaurs killing people at least coherent .
When even he ca not make an impression , you know something 's really wrong .
I know this is not the only reason about wars , but does not help either .
People with amnesia who do not say much , just sit there with vacant eyes are not all that funny .
There are some movies you just know they are going to be bad from frame one .
I am commenting on this miniseries from the perspective of someone who read the novel first .
That includes the nonsensical , blatant use of images of female genitalia .
It takes an uncritical mindless audience that will accept puerile dredge like this .
For those who do not know , the original plot had the thieves working as insurance inspectors .
Someone forgot to cue the animation guys on that bit of film so the street was totally devoid of bad guys .
Bigelow disguises her racism and arrogance behind the ingenuous facade of journalism .
What they did not tell you is the context .
Charles believes that spiritism is a sham , but hopes to pick up the tricks of the trade .
Over acting to the hilt is not attractive .
It seems to be there merely to shock the audience rather than for any intrinsic plot value .
The oddity came from nowhere and seems rather isolated and accidental .
Not only that , but while the coat is gray twill they apparently could not find a matching cap .
I would rather chew on tin fool and shave my head with a cheese grater then watch this again .
At one point , six months later appears on the screen .
A film with very little positive to say for it .
The zombies here seem not to be true walking dead , but simply hypnotism victims .
The car chase scene just goes on and on and on ad nauseum .
I ca not see any reason why people would like this .
The only reason this is considered horror is because of the killing .
Dialogue was stiff and confusing and the story just flipped around too much to be believable .
This sequel is a total rehash of the first film .
Most importantly , it lacks integrity .
I only really noticed two real jump scenes and only jumped at one .
It was less of a movie and more of an after school special , but at the same time nothing special at all .
No one , in their right mind or otherwise , has any reason to see this film .
They cuss up a storm and smash windows and furniture .
One minute he 's picking them off his clothes one by one , the next minute he 's covered in them .
She looks too sophisticated to even think of dying for love of this man in such a fashion .
They decide to stay anyway , and they are soon attacked by zombies .
She 's giving the film much needed name recognition , it seems .
The business with the bank robber disguise was merely painful to watch .
Every single minute of this flick was scored .
But , how does one even attempt to rationalize this work of ...
The insipid band members decide to go to some clown to contact her dead essence .
The movie runs the better part of two hours and it feels like its six .
So do not even think about renting this from the shops , because this is one hell of a bad movie .
I feel it 's my civic duty to help people stay away from this trash .
People shooting randomly on a blue screen stage or an empty set at monsters who were inserted in post .
It 's not a true biopic because there 's no real coherent narrative .
Gossett was particularly foul and seemed to enjoy his part .
A priest , walking through a graveyard late at night , is suddenly attacked by ghostly spirits .
There is not a single good performance here .
I guess this movie really is a comedy .
I wo not bore with an endless recounting of the irrationality of what follows , but contemplate this ending .
The only reason people might laugh at these gags is because they want to feel hip .
In summation , this movie is a failure in nearly every aspect .
But in doing so , when red they raise a ghoul from its grave .
The direction is practically nonexistent , and the supporting characters add very little .
But the guy , playing her brother though , jeez , he 's horrible .
This is just pure shock without any aesthetic value .
I could have overlooked that if there had been some brief nudity or some good dialogue .
The murders are not as gory as the first one either , which is a shame .
The ending is wholly predictable just as is every line assigned in the script to the characters .
But some of the moments spoil even the impression of good acting .
I had a huge question mark on my head watching this movie .
They 're so bad they make this one look like a classic .
Practically the whole film it wants to be a comedy and near the end it hopelessly tries to be a thriller .
That the husband could actually find the nut case attractive at all .
If you wa not to see a college flick , stay clear from this one .
I 'm just glad they did not suck the blood from their hapless victims .
Apparently some adamant sports fans will dismiss terrible writing for a few scenes with a basketball in them .
Sometimes it feels like they just waiting in queue , because they have no real substance to be there .
The makers of this movie should be band from ever making another movie .
The clever ones were very few which only left hacks who were of limited talent .
Seriously this film should be avoided at all costs .
Do not , under any circumstances , let this movie approach within ten feet of your television .
The problem with this last thing is that they never let it go .
Not so much because of the material , but the lack thereof .
But it s the pseudo comical dialogue and dubbing that really prevents us from taking their plight seriously .
There was no food for thought , nothing to pique an interest .
Nobody is likeable , and you could careless what happens to anyone in this one .
But then there 's all the bad , and believe me there is a lot of it .
Even if you were to download it for free , it would be an insult to your hard drive .
Seriously , folks this is grilled cheese .
None of these questions are answered .
She could not sell her character nor could anyone else in the picture .
It practically seemed to satirize itself , and to no entertaining effect .
It 's unbelievable how unbelievable all the lines in the movie sound .
If you wan na talk about something ... talk about boring .
There was a good fight scene at the end , but the rest of the movie stank .
Sorry , but this is not good writing , or good directing .
If you 're handed a copy give it back , the film is not worth the effort to see it even if it is watchable .
Too bad so many of his films , like this one , pretty much stink .
This one is best left to collect dust in the video store bargain bin .
Beverly garland was born in the wrong time .
On the ship , they make whale fat inside the shape of the whale , and take out the fins portion .
But if you have half a brain in your head then you will completely hate it .
This film is a total disaster from start to finish .
The story is downright silly at times .
There are some bad movies out there .
And uncle tony in the garage dies in a way that could have been worked better .
This was a movie about infidelity and revenge .
Have a little courtesy for the dead darling .
It 's a complete joke that this even surfaced into theaters .
Otherwise , do not spill your time on it .
Girl holds boy up at gunpoint for something ridiculous .
But then it 's a big mistake anyway .
As figured it was nothing captivating and nothing new .
Some kids become suicide terrorists and blow up a ship .
This movie is funny and painful at the same time .
Accidental killing of a security guard ...
The story is a silly excuse to pile on shot after shot of bondage and torture .
It 's not that he 's bad , but he 's almost always in bad movies .
Duvall went on to bigger and better things and stopped trying to effect a cultured accent .
Totally missing from the story is the debate the blokes surely had after they find the body .
The director even tries to turn it into a love story .
Some of the events that were portrayed in daylight actually took place at night .
I loved the cat fight between the two strippers .
Notice the same drapes , hanging deep down the windows , as if a protective shield against nuclear fallout .
That 's not the whole thing , of course the outlaws fall out and we have another gore fest before the film ends .
Do yourself a favor and do not watch .
Politics of science were barely touched .
Instead of promoting intelligent discussion , he kept the debate at the level of belief and consensus .
This is never connected to anything .
The main point of conflict between the two leads does not play out in a realistic manner at all .
Turner took acting seriously even when she was bad .
Too bad this movie was not made to be a farce , or it may have gotten better ratings .
It 's just the meaning that 's missing .
In a funny way they tried to sell this one as really not for the squeamish .
It 's a group of short stories that seem like bad fanfictions .
Her internal organs were literally falling apart and she seemed more peeved than anything .
There is no reason to see this movie .
There is no reason to see this movie .
Just too many incidents of violence .
The second branch was too stiff to be funny .
But it does not say much about this film if all that impresses you is the tobacco smoke .
Let 's face it , this singular idea is all over the bloody place and that 's all the director got to work with .
I swear , common sense was not a friend , much less an aquaintance to these idiots .
The story lines are both poorly written and executed .
The attempted steadicam shots were really pathetic as well .
The plot has this sort of resort being invaded by ants .
The characters do a lot of talking about religion , computers , programming , retribution , etc ...
Unfortunately , they fail to deliver a compelling story within this framework .
Also , there are virtually no horror elements .
You wo not magically get better grades .
Even their arguing was unconvincing , because they waited to take turns .
The other significant creature is a giant amoeba with an oscillating eye .
I mention this because it ends very abruptly with little closure .
However , there are many more ideas here .
The movie has almost no plot here , except it 's just about vampires with gangster friends .
Because it is impossible to come up with a decent en for such a stupid story .
Tara and her drunk mother are far more interesting than the major characters .
Doing flips off cars and calling people losers .
The story is so sugary it rots your teeth on the opening titles .
That might be harsh , but it just did not go anywhere of any interest between those shock moments .
Nothing in this film is redeemable .
All three films are populated with unsympathetic characters who behave in strange and unexplained ways .
Also , the next time you decide to leave someone a nasty note , do not sign your name .
It s an interesting historical piece for us locals .
The fact that this movie was ever released is an insult to us all .
However , for that reason the film does not ring true .
They made a boring movie but hid it well with the names of good actors and actresses on their cast .
I 've given way too much of my life this crap movie .
He thinks he 's hysterically funny when he barely raises a chuckle .
Very cool premise , right off the bat .
I really do not understand all these positive user reviews .
Really , when it comes down to it , this movie is just not funny .
When something happens , the reactions of the characters are vague and dry .
Give him a blood link for motivation rather than the clash of beliefs and you have the remake .
This is not a very good movie , but it 's not a stinker either .
He then simply disposes of the cobra in the way any of the previous victims might have done .
Felt like he simply visualized the screenplay .
By the time we get to the finale , our interest has already waned .
Here the night gets worse for all involved as a deadly game of cat and mouse ensues .
However , the plot is somewhat muddled , and the conclusion flat .
The ending is predictable and has been done to death .
Any deaf person feeling a vibration of that immensity would likely have investigated , not ignored it .
Whether or not this movie is mismarketed , it 's still a horrible movie .
I just can not believe how this got made .
I was left wondering why she was killed , and what happened as a result .
They obviously could not sit through it again either .
For some reason , it seemed like it was a movie that they put together really fast .
Some zombies run , others drag their feet and walk really slow .
He 's also not a detective , just a fighter .
The only reason why i even saw it was because my roommate downloaded it out of morbid curiosity .
Enjoy the show , but keep your fingers near the fast forward button .
I disliked this movie for numerous reasons .
Twitch , despite being less muscular , is just as mouthy and is pretty much the same .
This thing is obviously very low budget and comes across with the feel of a high school play gone bad .
A few daylight location shots , for example , would have helped relieve the succession of dreary studio sets .
And long may the academy vote with their heads instead of their hearts
Sorry to be anal , but this is not even close to being plausible .
The crew plan to shoot an expose on ' bloodsurfing ' which is apparently the latest craze in extreme sports .
Its poor box office performance may inhibit better dramas from being distributed nationally .
Saif suddenly seam like a comic sidekick ...
Some of the side kick actors are total disaster .
While some girls seemed to maintain their sense of decorum , others missed that memo altogether .
He dances briefly at the beginning and the end of the film and nothing in the middle .
I 've seen the scenes that were cut that help make the movie a more coherent whole .
The movie itself was beside the point .
In this medium , a weaker writer can be used , but the viewer is not sitting in one spot the entire time .
They would simply think he was his guardian .
I really wanted to give this film even two stars .
In any event , the architect takes to sleeping in his car .
However , everyone seems to be acting in a bubble , there is very little reaction .
The plot was a reversed copy of the first movie .
Other than some mediocre action scenes however , the rest of the film is flawed .
These pedestrian superhero episodes , on the other hand , can not fail to convince adults to pass them up .
The problem with the movie is that it moves too slow and suffers from miscasting in almost every role .
I could only take so much before it became truly unappealing .
If free , remember that time is money , too .
The mouth opens and closes over the eye like eyelids .
How original is that for a prequel .
If the script centered on her interesting character we 'd have a movie to watch .
I ca not stand movies that are disturbing and do not make sense .
It was like looking into a picture shot on fluorescent when it was supposed to be set on tungsten .
The flashbacks throughout the movie can not even be commented .
The situation at the beginning where the couples decide to go camping separately is awkward and plain dumb .
This is all very interesting , but not worth a single frame of celluloid .
Evil , vile , wicked and reprehensible in its spite for the audience .
Then again , a few of these actors signed up for the even more atrocious sequel .
But the story and the telling of it , just are not there .
These people were almost entirely recruited from the middle classes .
This whole battle scene comes off as the spoof of a really cheesy war movie .
If you 're looking for a good movie though , look elsewhere .
Most everybody runs around wearing those white masks strapped to their nose and mouth by a thin rubber band .
That 's about it for the good news .
I ca not imagine anyone neutral genuinely thinking this is a good film , it 's terrible .
As the weirdness and bell bottoms continue ...
They keep it afloat until daddy comes home .
The stereotypical behavior of the characters may offend audiences , too .
I mean the acting is better done by monkeys .
It 's easily seen that this is a low budget film with poor actors .
Apart from that it 's total crap , mind you .
I just could not take it seriously .
Nevermind the gross misrepresentation of the behaviour of the troops as a norm .
Some are good , some are strictly routine .
But it did not prepare me for the crap that was about to spew from my television screen .
As a movie it is without a doubt , the worst movie i have seen in a long long time in such a unique way .
Nothing surprises , but it 's passably engaging .
I saw this movie last weekend and it is silly and mindless .
On the other hand , the whole thing is completely bizarre and filled with sex and violence .
Not that this is bad , but for it to be a true documentary film is should attempt to be slightly unbiased .
I do not mean the solar crisis sun exploding stuff , but that was bad enough .
He plays his drag scenes with the same annoying smirk he used throughout the bulk of his career .
This movie lacked substance and intensity .
Unfortunately , the laughs are few and far between , and so , this film is watchable at best .
I just watched this movie in high definition on television .
No one seemed to have any emotion throughout most of the film except during melodramatic events .
There is no real plot to speak of and no real horror .
How the producers managed to squeeze out such vile cinematic excrement is beyond me .
If you did not have enough sleep , that 's a good time .
They go on the tour , but leave the group to make out .
I had quite high hopes for this film , even though it got a bad review in the paper .
The plot is a retread of the tired old casino robbery storyline that 's been done to death .
That one at least does not pretend to take itself so seriously .
Many scenes were way , way too long .
The plot of the movie starts when a car explosion breaks in right at the beginning .
But in the end , this only makes what you do get so ridiculous and amusing .
There was a time when merely having an openly homosexual protagonist was enough to make a mark on the screen .
And the other girl , can create bugs from this yellow dust that she rubs on her hands .
But this is inconsequential , as the choices made in the production are extremely poor and not fully realized .
In my opinion , the movie is severely underdeveloped in all aspects .
The teenagers heading the cast this time are really the most obnoxious , dislikeable group in the whole series .
Oh , and it only cost me one dollar .
I laughed all the way through this rotten movie .
The women are hot but that 's not enough to rent or buy the movie .
The special effects are mighty terrible .
The chasm itself means nothing to them .
I wish colored folks would not fawn over these kind of movies just because they feature black actors .
Sure , the guy in the village tugs the heartstrings , and there are some slightly amusing moments .
Hornblower , himself , was never in the brig either on the ship or on shore .
This thing was dated the minute it was completed .
But this is sloppily handled and not nearly as effective as it could have been .
The death scenes were just really bad and not entertaining at all .
It did not give him anything to go on and the only reason any of his jokes worked was because of him .
So you 've got this doctor who 's been experimenting with stolen body parts for some vague reason .
There is no plot , no dramatic content at all .
Stealing babies from hospitals is a serious legal offense , and that , too , is nothing to laugh about .
These stupid slasher movies push the credibility envelope more and more by the minute .
With rare exception , they are insufferable losers that the gene pool would be better off without .
That makes it sound pretty awful , and it is ...
Everything she does seems , if not too rehearsed , at least too controlled .
He 's going to be out of circulation either way .
There are other deaths , and the killer is an equal opportunity murderer , not partial to any one implement .
After suffering through almost an hour of bad film , this almost made my drink come out my nose .
This movie takes the whole based off of fact thing too far .
Well , the other characters are not , either , but that 's beside the point .
The movie never becomes intolerable to watch .
I do not want to spoil this film for potential viewers .
The third one 's the only decent one out of all the sequels .
We are talking about thousands of killings and no one gets notice .
Seems as if she needs to find a director who will help her talent , not her cute looks .
The people who produced and directed this monstrosity stayed too long .
Beatrice should have had something bad happen to her for being so mean .
So the idea of having the redundant plot return seems doomed from the start .
His wife is an actress and looks glamorous .
The acting is pitiful and there is not even a bit of nudity to enjoy .
The narration is not needed , though , as everything happening is really obvious .
What was supposed to be a great movie turned into a scam .
The film is simply overrun with cameos .
I could not contain myself during the nude scene .
Lot of silly plot holes in the film .
It just goes to show the sad state of bollywood and how star struck the fans are .
When it comes to acting and lighting , this movie is similar to a bad porno without the sex .
There were too many plot holes and left too much to the imagination .
There 's not even cheesy humor or unnecessary sex .
It all just is not very good because it 's often just too lame for words .
There are almost no redeeming qualities to this film .
I forgot who was who half of the time , so they did not really develop the characters .
This film should be avoided at all costs .
The original was a wacky cartoon with a very lighthearted attitude .
With the exception of the gatekeeper every single one of the characters is absolutely dislikeable .
Using entertainment to get across a propaganda message is nothing new .
Anyway , it is kind of strange seeing a middle aged weirdo hanging out with school girls .
This movie left me feeling jipped out of my time and mental energy .
A pregnant woman who has been infected lies on a bed in a hospital .
It 's all just a bunch of sound and fury , signifying nada .
So watch it on your own risk and do not blame the director or actors .
She had an overbite that would put any beaver to shame .
My recomendation is do nt even bother spending the energy to watch this thing .
We already have enough of this and we want something new .
We already have enough of this and we want something new .
There 's nothing refreshing or new about this plot which pretty much goes through the motions .
They risk their lives for no reason at all .
I despise horror movies , that is no secret .
Sure there was some nudity , but all the lesbian action got a little old .
I respected what they tried but simply did not like it very much .
This film has nothing to recommend it .
Instead of delving into what could happen if someone made this kind of machine , they break the damn thing .
Ajay who is especially smooth in these kind of roles was also a disappointment .
Any costume they could find , they used .
Both gave the movie far too much credit .
Hollywood obviously did not believe so .
We tried so hard to control ourselves , but we simply could not take the terrible quality of this movie .
The gun dealer should have know his guns would be used for evil intent .
He just ca not help himself from appealing to those people who want to force others to do as they would .
It 's not bad exactly , but it 's far from good .
He 's very ominous and wears a knit cap .
At least there would have been some real humor in watching something so unbelievable .
Also , many scenes seem to have been jump cut edited possibly because of overuse of the film stock .
The stories seemed to be shot in three distinct styles , at least in the beginning .
Usually , he ends up with a movie that is feeble in it 's attempt to create miracles on a tiny budget .
If this woman is an actress , get a role that does not rehash what is already on prime time .
I found myself after the two hour point saying .. where did my two hours go .
And this is not a cat and mouse film as it is supposed to be .
No wonder this movie was being shown in the smallest theater in the movie theater .
I had to write down all the names and do a few searches .
The problem is that it 's not a comedy .
He is propositioned by a conniving woman who wants to get rid of her much older husband .
New , useless story lines were being introduced in the last fifteen minutes of the movie .
It 's lack of any quality has no baring on these people .
When a gun is out of bullets , throwing it away is still pretty stupid .
It tried to pay homage whilst satirising and it just generally fell flat on its face .
Boll should have considered screening two hours of footage from the actual game as a movie .
The rest of these people could not act their way out of a junior high school play .
Supposedly this is due to his own depression but the script does not support that .
Whoever it was , they would not just secede , they 'd send over commandoes and kill them .
The hotel is possessed by a supernatural force until it becomes just props .
After all , those producers had to count on the audience coming back .
Chase wrote far country , bend of the river , and probably some others .
The movie tries hard , but ultimately falls way way way short .
The pace of the direction was very tedious .
The fact is that this is a bad movie in every way .
It s not funny , scary , shocking , or intriguing .
Those who stayed tried to stifle giggles , then openly guffawed .
Oh , but not by conventional means .
There are lesbians and hookers but no nudity or sex .
In other words , he does not cut off heads .
There are positive sides of the movie of course .
This is not even in the so bad it 's funny category .
The flacks insisted that no high adventure would ever be done seriously , and so doing ' camp ' was the only way .
Meanwhile , the good doc prowls strip joints looking for a body worthy of his wife 's gabby noodle .
Stealing any dead body and the ensuing implications should never be a dull tale but they made it dull , somehow .
Do not use the name we fondly remember in an attempt to lure in viewers .
The supernatural themes are muddled and confusing , too .
There are more inconsistencies like this that will lead to a true sleuth aficionado 's disappointment .
It is not about the making of the movie .
And everything that was left out of the book .
One show featured the cavemen going into a club , trying to pick up girls , and then nothing else happened .
Like my subject line says , it is nothing , and then looped .
It is bland , the plot for what it is never really goes anywhere and takes it s time over it .
Overall its mediocre with some good laughs to be had but often it can be fairly mediocre .
I guess there were not any privates around .
Not only do we see one shootout but since there are four bad guys , we get to see four .
First , why is there so much interest in the story .
One man finds the secret and uses it to make the woman he loves marry him .
I just rented and watched this movie just to see what 's all the fuss about .
Not because it 's too horrifying , but because the level of acting is atrociously horrid .
The director worked without a script and it shows .
It 's apparent that this was conceived as a silent film with the camera doing all the work .
Most of these short films are an utter disgrace .
There 's nothing worth seeing here .
Much of this movie is animation only in the very loosest sense of the word .
He must simply revert to lifting heavy things and subduing a bad guy by grabbing hold of him in the cartoons .
The fight on the freeway looked quite fake , and not that interesting .
It 's a idealist film and as a musician , feel slightly offended after watching it .
It 's an embarrassment to the city it 's named after .
Hitler as totally disgusting and uncharismatic .
Please , someone one with a tempered style remake this movie .
There is no acting talent to speak of , all you get is a bunch of pretty boys trying to make us laugh .
The movie does have one redeeming factor ...
My other problem with this version was the lighting .
But do not take my word for it , find out for yourself how terrible this film is .
There is no good fight scenes at all , the punches are two inches away from a person .
Unfortunately , it just ends up being a pretty trivial though very pleasant show .
A bunch of clowns talk about this and that and that 's your film .
But then at times we all need to have money .
Frankly , this is a terribly dated and practically impossible film to watch .
Apart from that , one can just not believe how true were those horrendous crimes .
It 's simply just another case of style over substance .
I was just gon na chop of his ears and his nose , man .
I do not think this movie relied too much on actual facts .
Then the hero comes into the picture .
It starts straight forward , it goes straight forward and it ends the same .
It should not be left to some unrelated publication .
It is reasoned that the spells in the book are better written than the script they are using .
Lee is more successful at showing a different kind of menace , that arising from neighborhood vigilante groups .
Luckily or not , damage seems to be recorded almost randomly .
A bunch of women who ca not act sit around , talk , smoke pot .
Magically , it 's not contagious from one dying victim to another , only from the carrier .
It is like a tedious exercise by someone who did not want to go to the gym that day but did anyway .
The teachers are dumber than a sack of hammers .
I can not even find the words to describe how bad this film is .
This movie is not based on the bible .
Why do not you actually watch the movie you are commenting on , instead of chirping your liberal nonsense .
The single framed shot of her face for the duration of the song was a terrible mistake .
All the events that happen are usually left unexplained .
I 've had to change my view on the worst film in the world having just seen this one .
Another thing , there is zero character development .
With this flimsy premise , the movie sputters and stalls frequently .
I mean goes through something life changing and he can barely break a smile .
The little girl was a brat , their were no enjoyable characters and the plot sucked .
The scenes with the sniper were particularly egregious .
This is nothing we have not seen before , sometimes done better .
At the beginning of the movie , she was supposed to be discouraged .
I was stupid enough to think that this film might actually be some good .
Because he does have a the smoothest ways of blowing away ninjas .
Loud music would never be tolerated .
Dey looks cute in a bikini but that 's about it .
Roth should have quit while he was behind .
All these stories are not interesting .
Franks fanatasies when he is travelling with a staircase and when he is sitting in business meetings ...
Another thing , the overall writing , directing and filming is on the level of village amateurs .
Do yourself a favor and go see something else .
All the dialogue was of tremendously low quality .
When the idiot back talks the teacher at the boarding school place he starts crying and talking to the sky .
We find that this is for this one scientist keeping track of people looking for mutants .
Yet it is the means of expression that really do not appear fit to the task .
At least it was only an hour and a half .
Nothing really exciting happens and the few action scenes seem to have been shot by someone in a trance .
But it absolutely did not work for me .
I do not know what the director was thinking when he made this movie .
They want that land , but our mathematical hero will not support such nonsense .
Rambo is more my kind of movie , action , kills , blood , horror .
My friend says this is the sign of mental retardation , not of supreme concentration .
There is one , two funny spots tops , and they are nothing to sing and dance about .
They deserve oscar nominations for their performances .
They were not gay lovers like your bitching about .
Nowhere , because they do not exist .
Keaton may have wanted to do this material based on the subject matter of confronting death .
Other than couple of cheap laughs this movie achieves nothing , nada , zilch , nil .
It 's obviously something of a vanity vehicle for him .
The plot is disjointed and desultory .
One is that the theme tune does have a decent melody .
I was amused , however , by the opening shots of horses having sex in a public square .
And apparently this is going to be their solution to avoiding eviction .
The only redeeming qualities this movie has are the fairly original death scenes .
So slowly you might be tempted to turn it off .
Completely undefined characters without a shred of likeability , and no plot whatsoever .
They begin to chase her after offing the local security guard who tried to help her .
Pollan acts as if she is reading the script as she speaks .
Maybe that 's true , if so , then this movie is outdated .
The director is trying to be original and artistic at all cost .
A young man kills a young woman for no reason .
Actually visually annoying at times .
I smiled like three times during the entire film .
I wo not say this movie was bad , but it was not good either .
First of all , it 's a mess because of all the gruesome and extremely violent scenes .
The show 's echoed ' bubbling ' sound effect used to put me to sleep .
Then again , it 's hard to tell what was a joke and what was a loud ringing sensation in my ears .
Well done to the film makers of this trash , for proving there is a reason not to see films .....
If the previous paragraph sounded hideously convoluted , that 's because it is .
He has no ambitions , passions or goals .
Lundgren 's inability to act becomes more visible in the scenes with the juvenile delinquent kids .
All of the plot lines generally have a really dumb lesson .
We can no longer use our imaginations , feel that horrible dread of fear of the unknown .
Orwell 's dystopia seems as if it could exist in many places in our modern world .
Looks authors of that movie do not know real specific of programmers world .
It telegraphs its sentiments like the biggest semaphore on earth .
First , we get to see a ' nerd ' as he is picked on by a group of ...
No one bothers to understand why he is trying to flee everyone .
Do not go near this movie if you are not a fan of trash .
I am not even a moderate nor a conservative .
May is talented director so hopefully he can get some more noteworthy projects in the future .
And he seems really grossed out that they slept together .
What little action can be found is separated by long stretches of tedium .
I do not understand why the other characters were even introduced into the plot .
Kou is not a good enough actress to make that work .
The movie starts quite with an intriguing scene , three people are drinking and making small talk in a bar .
Roberts is a skilled actress , and usually her work is of the highest standard .
Spend your time any other way , even housework is better than this movie .
Conflicts which have stretched out for years are settled in a few minutes .
Get a clue will be apropos with reference to the producers .
But the story just seems to beggar belief .
But that 's a small silver lining in an otherwise disappointing movie .
The reveal of people missing should have been terrifying , but it was laughable .
I do not care about these people or their meandering lives .
I do not care about these people or their meandering lives .
I do not care about these people or their meandering lives .
Somehow this is done without really any romance .
The whole concept of the knights templar being underground all these years seemed pretty stupid to me .
There is a lot of scenes that should have been cut off .
Something to leave on in the background as a living wall paper for those who like naked women .
It 's probably because the movie is being often far too silly .
He 's clearly not a wealthy vampire .
When he is forced to fight hand to hand , he will either resort to something cheap or be totally outmatched .
Everyone else , run , do not walk away from this sorry little misfit .
An other problem was the police story .
The entire film felt like it was just the salad with no main course .
There were too many characters in this sequel .
They are not critical for it 's own sake , but look upon each offering with a skeptical eye .
Do not even go into your car and think that you might see this movie if any others do not appeal to you .
At least the other three characters are somewhat engaging .
This is a film that could be really good a with a bunch of stoned viewers .
Possibly , it 's just hard to tell .
It 's not very good but then it 's not very bad either , like most of the little yellow pocket books .
I say , take this reel wheel and roll it off a cliff .
The effects were sad , the lines were sadder .
I can not agree less with this opinion .
Needless to say it is one of those movies that you watch just to see how much worse it can get .
Brutal violence , disturbing images , nudity and graphic rape .
It is very confusing and also extremely slow .
One of the biggest problems this film had was its inability to stick with a target audience .
He does this with a variety of sources with various backgrounds .
He also speaks his lines in an accent that goes beyond eccentric and becomes simply preposterous .
I was not sure the inbreed cannibal types bothered to cook much .
In one case , he comes to a farm and is leaded into the sitting room , where a dog lays in his basket .
Those two wannabe film producers , and the wannabe director should leave movie making to the professionals .
Everything else , including this , is too reliant on superficial junk .
Two minutes into the movie , and the characters are already arguing and this does not stop .
The actors were constantly taking obvious care to hit their marks , looking almost robotic in their movements .
I have never seen anything so basely crude , and insulting , and vile , and against human nature as this film .
Do not buy the hype , though , or you will be sorely disappointed .
Many romance relies heavily on these gimmicks and some through draw of big names .
I came into it with an open mind , and was even a little excited .
There 's quite an array of talent on display .
Yeah , some things happen , but you do not know why or what for .
The special effects push the boundries of technology and filmmaking to their limits .
The producers obviously did not care about killing a classic horror movie .
If you want to watch something about this period , watch ... anything but this .
This episode just ticked me off totally .
It is choppy and badly done , in an apparent effort to make it seem edgy or funny .
Nothing fits quite right , nothing is coherent , and certainly nothing makes you laugh .
Again , a good story , but the delivery was sub par .
I think many people try to read far too much into a comedy .
It 's unnecessary shock value and is a forced bit of borrowed interest .
This movie was lacking in everything .
Interesting to watch just to run through the fundamentalist laundry list .
I mean who honestly would have any sympathy for a guy who finishes off everyone she has meet in a night .
This is just another example of outdated humor .
Hopefully he now knows better than to sign on to another movie like this .
There is a responsibility for producers when they make a movie about actual facts .
And do not try it out on kids , they might freak .
This is a paycheck picture all around .
The fact that the actors seem to be smirking when they enunciate their lines in their fake accents does not help .
This movie is lacking in every department and you 're obviously better off not watching it .
The acting was disgraceful and the situations horribly contrived and clichéd .
However , the left out ending would have been the only descent thing about it .
The acting was reminiscent of a cheesy porno movie , and not in a funny way .
Actually , do not see this movie , period .
Then there is the problem with the stars .
I pretty much predicted every scene in this movie .
Plus too many main characters leads to most of them being one dimensional .
This movie forever left an impression on me .
Too bad this one was preserved when so many worthwhile films lie rotting in vaults .
The rest of the film is incredibly awkward dialogue about a bunch of models wanting to buy an apartment .
Keith visits a witness in her flat over a night club .
Anyone who disagrees with this is portrayed as immature and stupid .
Believe me no one will accuse you of plagiarism .
For starters , showing all the times that people have fallen down is not funny when taken out of context .
The first and major problem is that the original game was horrid .
These elements do not a movie make , even if stars are doing this stuff .
If you are looking for a decent film , you do not want this .
He 's totally wooden , not displaying emotion , character or humanity .
Instead of defying stereotypes this film is overpopulated with them .
There is no character development in the movie and we have no reason to love or hate the characters .
We did not expect you to pour in by the thousands .
But their are others that do not want him to succeed .
This episode deviates in the extreme , and the result is a major flop .
I had the plot nailed down before the credits were through .
Even the gunshots are canned and familiar .
Well , this did not even really have one to begin with .
Those computer wizs ' really deserve a pat on the back .
That would have been kept confidential , for the jury 's eyes only .
The story is about two couples that hike into the forest on a camping trip .
Try to fit this film into a genre and you wo not , because it lacks a beginning , middle or ending .
The women themselves are depressing since they render their services in exchange for money .
The four punks can be classified as justifiable homicide in self defense .
It 's loud , it 's dumb and it does not care .
It is billed as reality but in actuality it is pure prime time soap opera .
It is billed as reality but in actuality it is pure prime time soap opera .
It is billed as reality but in actuality it is pure prime time soap opera .
The sex scenes were not sexy and the funny scenes were not funny .
He somehow does not notice the blood on their truck .
First of all , lets forget all of the things how bad this movie was made ...
Then another sequel he would have to get the young people rescued from excessive sugar addiction and so on .
This movie looks like someone made it with a hundred bucks and a camcorder and they spent half of that on rats .
While this does give her a motive for turning against him , the whole scenario is just really ... icky .
I 'm not sure what because it was so boring my mind started to drift .
Troma movies for me though , are the worst movies there are out there .
And then the two main characters moved .... and spoke ...
Miss it unless you want to groan your way through a movie .
The plot was somewhere between preposterous and non existent .
Despite killing the heroine off , this is just substandard junk .
Despite killing the heroine off , this is just substandard junk .
The film was either badly dubbed or the soundtrack did not time well with the film .
There was a collision but no conclusion .
It totally seems to ignore the audience and the director seems to have made the movie for himself .
That blank stare looks like a really vicious deer caught in the headlights .
This movie was mildly entertaining .
Falk gives the same uninspired performance and comes over as creepy in this movie .
Whoever 's idea this was should be horse whipped .
This movie was billed as a comedy and a mystery .
It 's so bad , it is not even funny how bad it is .
The mini description sounded like it 'd be alright .
But when the film shuddered on , instead , there were moans coming from the audience .
Having said that , let 's look at the plot .
Pat remarks , idiotic decisions , and reckless stupidity on the part of every character in the movie .
No mention whatsoever is made of polygamy .
I could not really get into this movie .
But not so bad as it 's reputation suggests .
The battle scenes are so stupid and illogical , the solders log stupid , the costumes a catastrophe .
He meticulously found time somehow to do an exhausting search of bank records to unearth this one curious fact .
The thing that ruined the movies the most were the actors .
Well , this detail never gets remotely explained .
I thought it was some news program or something .
It was a change , and needed to be better motivated .
It was a change , and needed to be better motivated .
I guess if anyone is interested in renting this movie , do it at your own risk .
They need to add newer things to their show instead of the same ole same ole .
He was the vital part of the info structure .
At the very least , the pacing should have been picked up .
Eve he will have to face his loss afresh .
Velda 's dance at the barre , for instance , or the bad guy who accidentally stabs his boss in the back .
This is because it virtually becomes what it 's trying to poke fun at and this basically shows in each story .
Even so , he was already a gangster and murderer before those killings .
Not once in during the whole movie one actor could convince me .
The people responsible for this film should not be allowed to make another movie ever again .
Do not be mistaken , this is neither a horror , nor really a film .
Do not let your children watch this .
Do yourself a favor , and do not watch this one .
This was not one of the actress better moments in front of the camera .
As for the acting , it 's mediocre at best .
And , as an obviously low budget film , the cinematography and acting are not exactly top tier .
To play with their guests , they pretend to part company with each other .
Every year they do something wrong .
They pass the time having sex , and do not see the danger approaching .
No script since it was apparently written and added to daily .
No script since it was apparently written and added to daily .
What started out as a cute little crush on another reality show blossomed into a huge disaster .
This type of movie sincerely hurts us as a society .
It 's mind boggling how anyone could have bankrolled this pointless film .
The acting of what little is showed was really bad and ... they just did not have a purpose in this movie .
The music was so bad and so distracting .
Something went terribly wrong with the film .
The minion , naturally , wants the key so it can let the antichrist out .
This movie is possibly the cheapest , cheesiest , and poorest sequel ever made .
Do not even consider watching this film in any form .
They 're talking about their imaginary lives , lying all the time , with no reason .
Even after the terrible events with the main fox , the little girl was still wanting to play with the kits .
It 's tough to sympathize with characters who keep making such stupid decisions .
Just because it 's independent does not mean it gets a free pass .
Almost every plot detail in this movie is illogical and implausible .
Once again we have an attractive ' straight ' hero who supposedly ca not get any woman to be interested in him .
The characters are simply too forced and stereotypes are pushed too far .
Oh look , there 's a hand ... oh , and there 's another hand over there ... hmm this is a bit puzzling ...
Let 's think about that , for just a moment .
And heres another thing that sort of bothered me a bit about the movie .
First off , the plot does not exist .
No conclusion , no message , nothing profound , nothing hidden .
No conclusion , no message , nothing profound , nothing hidden .
This was a very clever move , putting this trailer on the video .
She was the only highlight , without her , i doubt i would have been able to bear watching the film .
I have never understood the appeal of this show .
In short , this is one of the dumber movies out there .
This is a subject which deserves a good cinematic treatment , this movie is almost an insult to those who served .
I left wondering why good movies ca not be written for women .
The credited thespians generally come off worse than the unknowns .
The angry black men feel cheated , feminists hate men , etc .
During the day , bright lights do not show up well , so they could go anywhere .
I am not the cynical type and a nice town and nice people making me feel good sounds awful appeal .
If , however , you were incorrect , you had one final question to answer .
The acting was bad , the plot was tweaked too much , and the humor was surprisingly very crude .
Plot wise is not the issue because most action films work along the same premise as this one , nothing new there .
Just violent things happening to mostly stupid people .
The scenes did not flow smoothly and the characters were odd .
The plot is preposterous and totally stupid as is the finale .
This whatever it is , is attached to the brain .
Not totally off the wall in a good way , but just totally stupid .
You could see blatant stunt man usage in almost every scene .
Even if you pay attention the plot is impossible to follow .
And not just a handful but entire tribes .
I give it three out of five stars for their sake alone , but everyone else should pass it by .
To top all of that , the acting is a disgrace .
A never ending frenzy of clever visual ironies does not necessarily create an engaging film .
Plus , some moments of the movie are hardly credible .
They basically keep them as livestock , as they need fresh human blood to live off .
Some of the acting is really bad though .
The music is dull and hard to hear in parts .
Especially in the combat scenes the editing needed to be tighter .
But this is as amateurish as it gets .
As far as artistic merit , there is none .
I suppose there were not enough naked people in the factual version .
All three children actually got physically ill while watching it .
Numerous parts of the plot made no sense .
My only hope is that he used other people 's money on this , because if he used his own , he 's a total sucker .
Truly bad acting and horrifying edited , this movie is nothing to watch .
That 's called pointless foreshadowing .
The entire script appears to be improvised at the spot and not at all funny .
There was nothing original about any of the skits .
It has no suspense , no character development , and an heroine that could be outsmarted by a rotton onion .
It simply made no sense , held no excitement , had very little interesting acting or compelling writing .
Evil mastermind fails to honor promises to reluctant employees .
Once in awhile lifetime comes up with a good movie , this is not one of them .
Maybe the moral of the story is you get what you deserve .
Young try to act , at least in this thriller , is a sad spectacle .
It was simple and clear and needed no additional explaining .
This is the kind of film that everyone involved with should be embarrassed over .
Nothing good can come of this movie .
It , at all , you have seen when harry met sally , then avoid this one .
Plus , a little thing called blood and tissue matching .
While he does pull off the role well enough to keep some interest , it is a rather bland and flat performance .
Mostly disappointing with a few glimmers of good humor .
There is also a few bits about the difficult to make sex without love , the selfish mind of the porno industry .
The film is a collection of cliche's on just about anything out there .
These detectives date beautiful models and have no problem getting them .
Practically any movie that he 's been in is the better off for it .
This film should not have been made in the first place .
The motivations got all screwed up .
Random scenes with little rhyme or reason .
Do not expect any answers on that either .
Their social classes were too far apart to consider this believable .
The timing was of the release was awful .
In reality , they use hand signals or have radios .
First , let 's start with the plot .
The only person involved with its making that was not clinically insane was the set designer .
Nobody calls the doctor insane or even threatens to kick him out of the hospital .
This is mainly due to the vicious racial hostility in these films , and the degrading , stereotypical characters .
One of the men jumps inside the kite while the other men attempt to fly it , and the kite breaks .
Ompuri is ongoing with the proceedings .
Whale is a shoddy film that does nothing to enhance the reputation of its talented cast and crew .
Coincidentally the newspaper with the second largest circulation belongs to the same owners .
I think this is probably one of the main problems too with this film , the laughs do not come quick enough .
Flat characters that you do not and never will care about .
Unfortunately it 's really draggy between these highlights .
This is nothing but pure halarity from beginning to end .
Her fleshiness would then have added a creepy element .
Since there are barely any laughs that 's a debatable question .
They thow us into this new and wonderous world and barely let us get our barings .
Why shoot off as many rounds and make as much noise as possible , of course .
But this film goes through the same motions as all the other recent slashers .
Nothing , simply nothing gets close to the simplicity and directness of the original .
John would not have been mean to his fans like this either .
I have heard that this movie is supposed to be funny , but it 's not .
One does not feel any connection with the characters whatsoever .
The physical comedy was forced , flat and predictable .
You have here one of those rare films that does not contain a single redeeming quality .
They do not say much but get shot at some point .
Pro forma questions of the director who seemed pleased with the product .
We offended me the most was the setting of the movie itself .
The latter time was with this um effort .
The movie just loses so much in translation .
And some say baseball is a dead sport ... boring ... too damn slow .
His abundance of nude scenes have no artistic legitimacy whatsoever .
His abundance of nude scenes have no artistic legitimacy whatsoever .
Other reviewers have compared this to the video nasties of old .
More lesbian sex then the zombies kill and eat the vampires .
But at the end this movie sickens and is abhorrent to decency .
By halfway through , they had lost me .
It 's all flash , and the flash quickly becomes dull too .
Avoid it like garlic and crucifixes .
He gurns and gesticulates excessively and looks rather ridiculous as a result .
But there should have been some times when he could have acted .
If you want to laugh at others ' stupidity , see this film .
For me this is a story that starts with some funny jokes regarding
If that 's what you are looking for , look no further .
It 's chock full of failed attempts at senseless humor , and awful pastel sceneries .
The acting , special effects , and plot in general is very cheesy and unrealistic .
Yep , none of this actually ever happened .
It 's just that it 's predictable , lazy and witless , with minimal effort in its construction .
It s a turkey of the untastey kind .
Do not let to much power into a machine .
There 's no apparent motivation for any of her decisions .
You can shoot a pistol round right through the heavy scales on their backs .
I do not know who he is trying to convince .
This film is historic for one reason .
The screenplay felt like it had been written by a first year film student .
It will create unnecessary turmoil .
I 'm pretty amazed at all the positive reviews really .
Never mind dear , have another doughnut with a yummy blood centre .
There were many loose ends that do not show up or are not addressed .
Mange tried to eat , and he seemed out of breath the whole way through .
It proved to be to some extent , but only because it is one of those stories so awful it fascinates .
The animation 's so ugly , it kills .
From this to murder there 's a very thin line .
There 's no drama , no tension , no great character moments , nothing .
The result is something that would not be acceptable by today 's standards .
I laughed , disagreed , agreed ... this film is very confusing and inconsistent .
What follows is rape , torture , beatings , humiliation and degradation leading to a very disturbing conclusion .
Dans character in no way struck me as someone qualified to give advice .
It categories only to find that their were none .
There is only one gore scene in the entire film too .
Penn takes the time to develop his characters , and we almost care about them .
They try to be hero 's but always fail when trying .
This plan has so many moving parts that the only reason it did not fall apart was the screenwriter said so .
The problem with this movie is that it is shot on the worst possible camera and the film is blurry and grainy .
House is sort of in limbo between genres .
Except to the oblivious , there 's some obvious things going on here ...
The cure did not improve their condition .
I 'm sure the topless girls does not hurt there either .
It was a quick cash cow which thank god did not cash out .
Dialogues are empty , ... scenario is minimalistic .
Nightclubs have terrible , revoltingly dressed garage bands ,
This is only somewhat attractive for fans of bad movie entertainment .
The comedy suffers from not being funny .
Hundstage was a truly awful experience .
It is a third rate mystery that becomes extremely contrived by the time it unravels .
Nobody in this movie can be taken seriously as an actor .
The house set on which most of the movie takes place looks stagey and cheap .
This movie is just a lot of lies or a big lie .
Then the end never comes because there 's no beginning and no middle .
This is not really a movie at all , it 's a bad commercial .
Granted , they are all totally terrible and the dubbing will make you cry blood .
I do not think this girl can act in the least .
The scene when they showed the water that was filling up in the ship .
Instead he spends his time helping his friend trying to commit murder .
So this was still really one big mystery , a mystery that this movie does nothing to cast light on .
The acting is universally appalling .
I can not believe how popular this show is .
Unfortunately demon follows the now adult girl back through .
It is not a good horror film , or a good fake journalistic report , or remotely well done .
The plot builds what is supposed to be tension but the characters are not developed enough to care .
Even for those who might enjoy horror movies , this movie could be too much .
But their problems have only begun .
Not even worth the price of a cheap night rental .
A lot like watching an airplane crash or a train wreck .
A happier medium could have been found .
There 's a mastermind serial killer too , but he 's not what 's creepy either .
Beyond the factual and gaming errors there is the general low quality of the film itself .
There are few movies that give me a headache .
Actually he was a pianist first , the singing was an afterthought .
Those commits might be correct about the movie .
The script , too , is absolutely lousy , almost wholly without merit .
Therefore the total impression of the movie is not too good .
The script is on the most part clichéd and has hints of deja vu .
A movie has rarely left me as cold as this one .
I found most of the ' scary ' parts to be more comical than anything .
I could tell he was peeved by the behavior of the rest of us .
That ship looks like a milk carton ...
He is in desperate need of a better agent .
First off , this project makes absolutely no sense whatsoever .
The heroes would save the day and prove everyone wrong .
I have never seen a more disgusting movie in my whole entire life .
The design of the monster is not interesting , but at least planned , there is an effort .
I ca not believe this movie was financed by someone and made .
That 's a major failing right there .
Not one of the funny bad ones either .
Forget the movie and read the book .
They should have stuck to the old adage of write about something you know .
Anything to keep me from falling asleep during this one .
But there 's absolutely no need for it , except to prolong the movie .
Then re made in someone else 's vision .
The best script doctor in the world could not have saved this putrid pile of of stinking poo .
Bridges of madison county is a better made version of this story .
The actors perform their lines effectively , but nothing they say or do is remotely believable .
He does not even bother to try to hide the fact that his battle scenes are shot on a sound stage .
It appeared to be more of a infomercial for animal rights .
A creature , a huge werewolf , is on the hunt .
It just looks like it was mostly filmed in a sound stage instead of in the great wide open
A slickly made , but a shallow and forgettable addition to the fold .
This is the type of movie where it actually hurts to acknowledge that it really , really sucks .
Wow , not only is this film a new lesson in real bad taste , but also a lesson in real bad film making .
So let 's take them one at a time , briefly .
Maybe there would not have been a movie then but there really was not one anyway so what 's the difference .
The conclusion is totally unsatisfying , but that could have been remedied with an obvious plot twist .
We have the brainy one , the slut , the other slut , the black guy , the killer , stereotypes like that .
Overall though unless you are a fan of hers avoid this as it is very routine .
Plus , there were plenty of factual errors and a few just plain dumb scenes .
Because we 're used to norwegian movies to be funny .
To sum up the plot , there was not much to it that was not expected .
Some of the humorous lines could have been timed to make this not only action , but comedy .
But it 's also as nasty and pointless a film as one could hope not to have to see .
The couple have a child and shortly thereafter burn to death as a result of the experiments done on them .
This film is so horrible , the outtakes is the only true good moment of this film .
It had a few battle scenes , and they were pretty mediocre at best .
In some ways , this movie really exploits child abduction and it is not very positive .
It failed to get even a single smile on my face .
The main theme of the film is that the sight of a baby turns anyone to mush .
However , the rest of the movie is left to be ... say it with me ...
And they 're quite willing to tell us just how bad that is .
The editor must have been asleep or on drugs it s so bad .
I actually paid to see this movie in the theater .
These were not characters , they were stereotypes .
He should fade into obscurity or acquire a time machine .
Luckily i work in a video store and can rent for free .
One man walks toward another with a machine gun blazing .
Do not know if the original script was good and it had to be edited down or what .
And we really tried to stick with it .
Replacing zombies with bread sounds just like silly harmless fun on paper .
This movie stumbles to a preposterous end .
And for this movie , they should not be .
For a really bad idea , try casting two actors to impersonate the duo .
No humor , just disturbing images and cheap , toilet laughs ...
We were so annoyed that we were conned out of paying our money expecting a decent film .
I did not need a film to tell me how shallow some of the people in the film industry are .
This scene comes to nothing , and we learn nothing further about the house or its history .
I really merely saw him as a guy who just talked every now and then in between of the different categories .
Every character has buck teeth , or a square head , or a head three sizes too big for his or her body .
Lots of arty shots through windows and with people out of frame .
It was extremely distracting , and the story did nothing to help the cause .
I 'm not sure who started that rumor .
The two main chase scenes end with stock footage wide shots of a rider falling from a horse .
After watching about half of this movie
It does damage to the original , so bad is it .
The main character takes care of the body until it becomes a cocoon after which a white naked woman emerges .
Maybe something is lost in the dubbing process .
There 's some killings , not a whole lot , and the one 's that are shown are ridiculous .
Ca not do that because he has a gun .
Oh well , so much for expectations .
Looking for revenge and bling bling .
What else can a say ... probably not enough bad words could do it justice .
We see documentaries of wars , torture , and troop training interspersed with the live action .
Well , if you 're trying to get them to take a nap , then maybe .
In sum , the overall effect is rather disappointing .
The characters are idiots and deserve to die .
However , as far as having a decent script is concerned , this film is indeed all washed up .
It started out good but became so boring after the first half hour .
The movie made no sense whatsoever .
The ending contradicts the entire plot of the original .
Wood looks awfully good to me right now .
Ultimately , issues of recommendation where this film is concerned seem moot .
The whole movie was just talking , talking and talking about their mom and dad .
As for the plot , it 's tired and lacks any real surprises or anything new for the genre .
This guy should be rented out to reinvigorate stale marriages .
This is supposed to be the movie 's magical moment .
Us is poor science fiction at best .
On the other hand make sure to down tequila , like the laughable opening song details
The movie that followed was complete and unsatisfying crap .
At other points , some of the developments happen too fast .
Possibly , the man just does not care , is not interested in politics , is a kind of an existentialist .
There 's nothing special here that you need to see .
The women were so little used in this film that it could almost be classified as gay interest .
For heaven 's sake , they should have reset the location .
Rain is his sister for those who have were asking before .
And to top of this horrible movie is the special effects .
After the opening credits , there 's a black screen for about a minute .
This movie had promise , it just did not deliver on it .
The bottom line is that the film needed to be made by people who have talent and vision .
Stunning that this is supposed to be a positive movie about race .
Stunning that this is supposed to be a positive movie about race .
While they were at it it is a wonder they did not send
Pray that you wake up to a blank screen .
However , ultimately , the feeling that remains is that the producers of the movie forgot to end it .
In the show he was a complete idiot .
I 'm still unclear on what was supposed to be scary in this flick .
On every level , this one is better left dead and buried .
The story empty , guy waking up , lost his memory , starts fighting cos that 's what he 's good at .
How this pile got through no one can tell .
How this pile got through no one can tell .
Well actually , you could not possible care less .
Very important elements , which made the whole thing plausible are just written out or changed to bad .
Smother is a horrible movie , but it is not execrable .
First of all , there 's barely any action in the film .
If band with problems was the issue , setting up a torrent tracker would have solved that .
It 's not only a bomb but a bmob spelled backwards .
A very long and ponderous two hours and fifteen minutes .
His quality is degrading , diminishing .
The did not use there names of course because that would be too close to the truth of scriptures .
Naturally they cut a lot , and adapted other scenes , and for this they deserve credit .
I wo not reinforce the insults by listing them here , except to mention chickens , watermelons , and dice .
The only thing he needs is to get her on stage , surrounded by cameras and reporters .
I figured out whodunnit by the half way mark but the ending was a curve ball .
You are in company with the hero who holds a ticking bomb .
This film was crap in every category .
Then he runs around , surviving in the wilderness until he gets rescued .
A young boy comes into a lot of money and promptly begins to live it up .
If you ca not show that complexity on screen is better not making a movie at all .
Not worth spending valuable ticket money on this movie .
Maybe he ca not carry the movie , but he gets practically no help here from the screenplay .
The writing is a secondary concern ... the kids were not bad actors , but their script left a lot to be desired .
Without the sleaze factor either , it becomes very boring .
The filmmakers clearly did not even bother to research anything on the killings ...
The plots are identical as is most of the script .
And so there 's a hidden ideology at work here .
They do not even try to stop them or do something to make things better .
They surely could have come up with some different ideas .
This is the kind of movie that should not have been made in the first place .
The dialog felt forced , like the writers are trying way too hard to be clever and hip .
The film has no other reason for existence .
I have no clue how this movie was allowed to be featured on that site .
The cinematography was unbelievable , and not in a good way .
So , nearly a year later , we are being treated to the sequel to that remake .
But the enjoyment of this movie , not to mention the plot , are seriously compromised by the pacing problems .
Seemingly intended to be a thriller of a movie winds up being almost laughable .
Then there 's the dialogue , which is little more then the characters screaming obscenities at each other .
He puts absolutely no emotion to any of his lines whatsoever .
Madonna should just stick to singing .
Girlfriend is an exercise in pointlessness .
The performances from the cast was not bad , but it was not good either .
It 's truly truly awful , there is no other way to describe it .
Dreck like this certainly does nothing to enhance his reputation as a funny man .
The script and dialog ought to work , but mostly the movie just lies there .
All of the internet joking was miles better than the actual movie .
There is far too much sex in the film .
I saw the movie late one night on cable and could not believe how bad it was .
If you want to throw away money and over an hour of your life , then by all means watch it .
Therefore , the plot is so absurd that irritates .
It is so far afield of the book that the two hardly bear any resemblance to one another .
Peet did well , but again , did not have the room to move in this otherwise corpse like movie .
In the middle of the film you have a little social drama and all tension is lost because it slows down the speed .
All in all , just an extremely run of the mill unoriginal plot .
As in most cases , the major problem is the script .
The only thing snakes would do is huddle at the bottom of the cargo bay .
The lighting was awful and it dulled the overall performances .
They are not being a role model and or do anything but to serve their time for what they have done .
The only thing this film is good for is its unintentional laughs at the expense of the stars .
By the time the ' secret ' of the plot is revealed , you just wo not care .
But alas , he 's unable to translate his vision to the screen .
Looks as if it was shot with my flip video .
Honestly , there are just a few things that stand out to me as being really good .
There could be one single reason to watch this one though .
This movie was acted by pure amateurs .
Very long delay in much of anything happening .
Some of the effects were quite good but there were just too few of them .
Except for the better than average acting skills of the two leads , this movie is really , really bad .
The woman he had sex with who was his brother 's wife to begin with tries to have him meet his son .
It was a depressing , depressing movie , and not the tiniest bit funny .
None of the skits are even remotely funny , or even the least bit clever .
I could only watch a half hour of this before becoming violently sick .
The only problem was that the movie did not do their acting performances any justice .
Now that would have been interesting ...
Now that would have been interesting .
This movie seemed like it was going to be better than it ended up being .
This movie manages to not only be boring but revolting as well .
But even that was not satisfying enough to subdue my loathing for such a bad film .
I tried to figure it all out , but really had no clue .
The screenwriter obviously is oblivious to the fact that there are no ambulances in the middle of the desert .
I do not like being preached to like that .
I 'm not sure what they were thinking .
Even if you do see them as dolls , the total lack of suspense will bore you .
Cleary these producers did not look at the appearance of the old cast members .
Reb from the gooks , he gets shot in the head in what is easily one of the worst effects ever .
One by one , they are murdered by the killer , until only one remains .
Boll seems to have a pathological inability to accept that he does not make good movies .
The one funny scene was unintentional .
The unintentional humor value even manages to wear thin .
As if audiences would get the movie .
There are a few differences but they 're both the same .
Any understanding of the medium of film is absent .
There is simply no logic to the movie .
My husband rented this from a video store thinking it was suspense .
If this sequence seems to verge on the implausible , what ensues plunges right in .
Rent it though , if you 're a morbid person looking to sate your blood and flesh appetite .
Of course they tried time and time again to get the cheap laugh , but just did not work .
However , as the movie wore on , me and my whole family were bored out of our wits .
None of this ever even comes close to happening .
This kills the enjoyability of the entire film .
They say she kills you if you lose your tooth , but nope .
You will be demanding your money back ...
I watched this at a friend 's place and did not pay for it .
This sequel has a bunch of songs , but not as much orchestral work went into it .
The plots are not good and they do not develop any better .
Yes , the chemistry between the famous duo is there even when the material is paper thin .
What makes it semi watchable is to see how badly made a film can be .
And of course , the turtle reserve for the farting turtle , that they build with the casino winnings .
This two reeler was part of a larger stage production that lists six writers .
This two reeler was part of a larger stage production that lists six writers .
The plot is very bad , but as bad as it is it does not compare to the special effects .
Where are the proper theologians and priests and stuff he could have got arguments from .
There is no plot and not a trace of decent acting .
This is a film about when a failed attempt to portray troubled teenagers meets extremely disturbed audience .
Seriously , the first hour could be condensed into ten minutes .
Two decent disemboweling shots ca not save the situation .
If you really want to see a tearjerker look elsewhere .
I mean , in the original film it was clear that everything took place on earth .
The monster is just repulsive , and rarely looks deadly .
Things start to go wrong and then they realize they have to escape .
Definately one of bacon 's worst films .
I mean , at least the first film tried .
Even with warnings by the caretaker , the director pays no attention to the supposedly cursed house .
I probably wo not be hanging to it any longer .
Gere and the others have all done much better performances elsewhere .
Side from comparing it to the television show , the acting was horrible .
I did not know that there could be such a bad film made so recently .
Dismal performances made worse by a terribly tinny soundtrack and bad dubbing .
Another major problem is the protagonist .
They talk in unnatural voices , use unnatural tones , and have unnatural body language .
There has to be a reason for this to happen for it to be interesting .
I just ca not stress how bad the movie was .
Also the resolution does not make sense .
This is a very bad western mainly because it is historically inaccurate .
However , this attempt was obviously misdirected and the screenplay left a lot to be desired .
The rest of the movie is filler , pitting our heroes against the aforementioned soldiers .
By playing women , the scenes become comical .
This film is atrocious in every way .
You wo not even get any laughs out of the utter ineptitude on display ...
If only the script did justice to the actors .
None of these flaky people even remotely gain our sympathy for an instant .
I just rented this movie last night when me and my friends went to blockbuster looking for a scary movie .
The writing , acting , and film craft are similarly undeveloped .
I am so appalled by this documentary .
He alone can not freeze accounts and have the authority to stop doctors from writing prescriptions for patients .
There is not much here to recommend .
Even the premium cable channels seemed to rarely show it .
It 's not scary , the twists are laughable , and overall it 's kind of sick .
The plot , the basic making into show business routine , is almost nonexistent .
The straight woman who turns lesbian seemed more butch than the lesbian character .
The acting was pathetic , characters were losers , and the scarecrow could do a lot of gymnastix stunts .
The film seems to have no stance , no reason for addressing anything .
Unfortunately , this is at best a palimpsest .
This movie is a loose collection of unintelligible analogies and ill conceived plot devices .
The loss of family members and massive poverty will create always lead to extremism .
Was it a serious drama .... no the acting was not good enough for that .
I could barely sit through the film without wanting to walk out .
The director milked the cow dry before the unbelievable final action .
And there was this horrible kiss scene in the middle with the two main characters who happened to be divorced .
Mostly toilet humour and badly done at that .
In one of the climactic scenes , you ca not even tell what you 're supposed to be seeing that 's so shocking .
Oops , so much for that secret existence .
If you have nothing better to do , and you like to point and laugh , then maybe it might be worth your while .
I rented it and could jump through most of it on fast forward .
Joe likes teenage girls , he has various porn magazines but enjoys the real thing even more .
The guy could not even dig a hole properly .
Using stock shots is not an entirely horrendous thing , but using it as a crutch is .
He says stupid one liners and moves in a manner more designed to be funny then scary .
I do volunteer work with a cat rescue organization .
And to make things worst , a totally different cast , go see if you do not believe me , but you will regret it .
We wish that someone would kill us just to end our suffering .
It sounds like it was composed on a child 's computer and generates no emotion whatsoever .
Many of them have interesting stories to tell .
Even the outtakes during the credits were not very funny .
The painfully misplaced and boringly pastoral orchestra tracks really help with this dulling down of the film .
All of the girls were stereo types .
I have praises for everyone involved in most aspects except the most important one , the script .
It 's all topped off with a horrendous synth score .
These characters are extremely interesting and make you care about them .
We refused to leave thinking it would get better .
Chances are she would probably be forced to leave the town , or even the country .
The acting is more wooden than a log cabin .
I agree , although the niggling bits just did not add up right in this rush job .
The area where the train is parked is evacuated , so it 's not like there 's any danger to anyone either .
I have found a holy grail , a real touchstone of bad cinema .
One of the biggest disappointments of this movie is the ending .
Instead he lends them justification .
This movie will help them understand just how badly a film can turn out .
You cringed as she begged her no good man to let her stay in the group and in his life .
One book for good kids and the other for bad kids .
I guess that 's a good sign that nobody watched it , and that it wo not last much longer .
I wish that someone would make a film about interracial relationships that dealt with the topic realistically .
The lines are just not in the script to generate humor .
All the production values scream that it 's a low budget splatter flick from the very early part of that decade .
Cool music , bad acting , poor writing , all came together for my entertainment .
The bright side of the movie for adults is the talking bird that thinks it is a dog .
It all looks very promising from the get go .
There were only a few people on the island to begin with .
I 'm not sure that suggests a total lack of skill .
I do not recommend this film even if you are thinking of renting it for only for ' eye candy ' purposes .
If this is right , then no example can be made of it .
Too bad it did not shock some meat into the senselessness of the plot .
If you like alright music , see this film .
Evolve or die , as the saying goes .
If that sort of thing impresses you it might seem quite a short film .
I understand it , and that 's another horrible thing about it .
Overall , the movie is nothing but another cartoon made to get kids in the theater .
Surrounded by hooded figures , two male dancers pretend to have a fight .
It 's the cold , inhuman , unfriendly , sickening , even creepy kind of weird .
That 's the only reason it happens .
Skip this movie and watch something better in the horror genre .
She does not look scary or devilish .
It 's not really clear , but somehow there 's a volleyball game involved .
Additionally , there is notable miscasting .
A big problem is with the two leads .
But as a creative person , he is a complete failure .
A mummy narrates vignettes about men , women , and the sex between them .
On an absolutely basic level , it fails to entertain .
I found myself holding my teeth during some of the aforementioned scenes .
About half way through we turned it off .
But then again , so 's the director .
Maybe if they had killed less people and actually concentrated on a scary atmosphere it would have been better .
I guess you have to start somewhere .
But this is however not the case here .
No news , but how they got that way is what people want to know .
It annoys me that such a classic story as this is turned into a soap .
The footage of the slugs is what 's known as stock footage .
We are shown some inexplicable and unexplained beginning where we see them shot with pistol .
Overall , this movie is extremely lame .
It 's not a movie about a roadie , it s just a thin love story , so awful that you see right through it .
At least they would have thrown feces and blurred some of the garbage .
Suspension of disbelief is one thing .
They were not the best , but they just did not have much with which to work .
But if this project sounds like something to tickle your fancy , then go for it .
The bad guy comes after the good guy .
Lee is good enough , but that 's where it ends .
I hate to say it , but this is the kind of movie that , if you say you hated it , people will give you bad looks .
There is not really too much to talk about in the movie .
The problem comes when you try to connect their roles to anything that happens in real life .
The ringleader , with his ultra hooknose is so ugly he should have definitely been cast as the nerd .
The continuity was off through out the entire film .
There was not enough meat to this story to have any impact on the gay politic .
This one , however , is just giant rats period , well giant rats and one really growing little boy .
That would have been a much better setting for life in transformation .
Directing was not that bad , but far from a top notch effort .
This movie is so bad , it 's comical .
Just do not expect anything out of the ordinary .
The big problem with this are these are actual people they are playing .
This disturbs the millions of ants and traps the people in the hotel .
Oh , and the butler did not do it , because there was not a butler .
This is the last ingredient making the movie absolute trash to me .
I simply do not see the reasons why .
I do not think there was any actual planning involved in the making of this movie .
The movie started promising , and failed to deliver .
First of all there was not really anything in this movie that grabbed me really .
Strange that the acting was soooo bad , these actors usually give a good show .
Also the song is sadly kind of catchy in a sad way .
All it is is just a quick way to make some money though .
He takes away any strength and conviction a man could have by having several boring women do him in .
It is okay to have a full movie based solely off of dumb , slap stick humor .
Another scene which is never explained is when their car is stolen , then found again , with nothing stolen .
Which is kind of like being brain dead .
In short , the movie is dated , silly , reactionary , and useless .
Sadly this film falls into the later category .
This dumb comedy really does a good job of wasting comedic talent .
A confused mess from start to finish .
If you fell the urge to see nice titles , go check out some posters do not waste your time watching this .
I do not think it was meant to be this bad , but who can tell .
A very conflicting film , but as long as it 's not taken seriously this can be an alright movie .
It is painfully clear you have no understanding of what you make movies about .
Everyone else is as wooden as they come , like bad porn actors .
Ariel is grown up now and had a daughter .
A rather sad pointer to careers gone wrong rather than a camp fun fest as some have suggested .
I did not realize that even back in the thirties , they sailed on three masted schooners .
There is also a brief scene when someone is impaled on wooden spikes when they set a trap off .
The medium of film is not the medium of stage .
Aaron , for some unfathomable medical reason , feels like a wolf after the transplantation of the eyes .
Good lord , whoever made this turkey needs to be buried alive .
And do not go for writer either , by the way .
There are houseboats , there is horror , there 's even horror that takes place on houseboats .
Not only that , the intercourse sequences are just simply creepy .
He was just a prop used to show how racially tolerant the other kids are .
Our realization of this irony was the only pleasure we derived from this confusing mess .
The idea behind it was interesting , but it seems to drag so much .
Simplistic screenplay has nary a surprise nor a shred of originality up its sleeve .
That was a concept that definitely needed more explanation .
The plot was impossible for me to decode however .
Here and there the stories touch each other , but is not significant for the characters .
But no , these clueless , obviously blind people decide to go look for them .
Considering its absolute lack of blood or frights .
People whom refer to the swordfight in the end as great must either be out of their minds , or have none .
Questions pop up , but they are not answered .
Meanwhile a gang of horribly acted girls are defending their ' turf ' .
My back literally hurts from cringing so much at poorly delivered lines .
There is literally no good idea that is not borrowed from a better movie and the supporting cast overact .
Well , it 's a lot worse than you could possibly imagine .
This birthday gathering should be avoided .
Sure , you can do it artfully without bowing to the commercial elements designed for mass appeal .
I ca not understand all the hype about this movie .
The acting is not bad enough to be laughed at .
Someone needs to be slapped hard for that .
The performances are not bad , but they are mightily uneven .
They are captured , and the rest of the movie is about their attempt to escape .
It is devoid of sex and violence , for example .
There 's not much to say about this one .
The actions scenes sucked , and crime story part of it was very predictable .
That would prove to be a much more pleasurable experience than sitting through this garbage .
She goes upstairs , where the aforementioned baseball bat scene happens .
The girls were more interesting in this one .
First off , there 's the supposed villain who lives on his palatial estate ...
The people who made this movie seem to be attempting to synthesize fake interest .
Congratulations you horrible little man .
The ground was hard it would of been close to impossible to to track him with out dogs .
The story has an interesting premise , but this just spins downward into a dark , miserable spiral .
I welcome any prompting to have a nip of calvados myself .
The story drags along and each scene is worse than the last .
So , to conclude , this film is pretty poor .
The idea the girl would have to be drunk in order to ' get married ' and get pregnant just added to the misery .
Literally seen better acting in porno's .
Why this is categorized in horror is still a wonder to me .
Titanica is the same guy who directed this shlop schtock schtick about a chick .
Titanica is the same guy who directed this shlop schtock schtick about a chick .
Like vampires that walk in the sunlight .
Starr is particularly bad during her big dramatic scene near the end of the movie .
Even the almost nice and believable moments were immediately undercut by painful clichés and bad acting .
Only to pretend to be her twin and met the guy where the body was dumped .
It also would have been much funnier if the white man whose body he inhabits was a truck driver or hillbilly .
It also would have been much funnier if the white man whose body he inhabits was a truck driver or hillbilly .
It would 've been better if only one thing would 've happened .
But do not , do not even try to take it seriously .
However the conclusion will offer no hope for the poor losers who find themselves unmarried .
The choreographer was asleep at the wheel it seemed .
First off , the title character is not even the main character of the movie .
One read of the script should have told him that this one was going to be a real snorer .
One read of the script should have told him that this one was going to be a real snorer .
The leads had absolutely no chemistry .
Sadly , the film ends up being too ' confused . '
It s not scary , it s not funny , it s not dramatic , it s no action , it s nothing ...
He then enters through the basement and then tries to kill the guy by smothering him in his bedroom .
To call it trash would be to degrade trash everywhere .
And what a horrible story it tells .
And occasionally , you have to make use of your pause button .
But here he plays a dumb villain pretending to be a smart one .
Anyway , the cinematography was pretty bad and the acting was cheesy .
Dark slasher film with an unexceptional premise .
It 's not so bad it 's good , it s just bad .
No , what made it bad were the contrived plot devices .
As a whole , the movie does not really go anywhere .
They only forgot to change the choreography .
Neither side during the cold war was crazy enough to fire a single missile .
Even when it ends your asking yourself what happened who was the killer .
But they do not get much screen time .
There is no payoff in the book , or the movie .
There was no chance for any character development , they were too busy running from one sword fight to another .
Physical gags were poorly performed and placed .
Andersen must have been turning somersaults in his grave when this appeared .
My complaints here concern the movie 's pacing and the material at hand .
I mean , the direction was really in touch with it 's subject .
Then , with only the most cursory guidance and counseling , they let him go on his merry way .
I meant that he would not be trying very hard .
This film is overblown , predictable , pretentious , and hollow to its core .
And do not get me started on the editing .
I found it overly sentimental and the acting was below par .
Plus the scenes of sex are ridiculous , the gore not very impressive .
Secondly , the werewolf costumes are the lamest you have ever seen .
It does not so do not get your hopes up .
And as he talks , loonies run amok here and there doing nothing especially productive .
The first was the predominate one , the second involved screaming pain , the third involving raising her voice .
The material covered is relevant only in that they vaguely tirade science .
I thought the camera was not bad at all for a cheap movie like this , and also the atmosphere was not too bad .
It simply starts climbing the strange scale , until climaxing in total chaos .
I do not really think it 's particularly memorable , for the exception of the ghost children .
If anyone knows of one please tell me .
Again , maybe it symbolizes something , but the explosion at the end seemed very forced and out of place .
Oh right he has one of the evil demon things in a cage and draws it s blood to shoot into himself .
Kim 's reactions in that scene were similarly unconvincing .
This was enough to emotionally scar a young boy who wanted to believe .
And as for the girls , do not expect much there either .
I ca not believe this film was allowed to be made .
I think even the trees were faking .
An amusing exploitation film that s enjoyably silly in the right frame of mind .
The only reason people like this movie because they feel they have to .
The reasons they go about this do not make sense .
However , instead of choreographing a decent fight .
She had zero charisma and seemed to be sleepwalking thru most of the picture ...
Everything about this film is either cliche or inept .
I rarely wanted to know so much how they came to act in this one .
It is too bad that they seem to be so disconnected from the film that was just shown .
Horror fans live in a constant lack of nourishment .
The fact that the humor is silly and unoriginal is the least of the problems with this movie .
Basically a typical propaganda film for the last good war .
Almost as tedious to watch as it was to read ,
Prepare to be offended if you are female or gay .
And if you 're a blonde gal , that means that he will do whatever you tell him to do .
As a result , the whole thing has an uneasy , cheap and insincere feeling about it .
If you 've never watched this show then do not .
I have encountered outside of this movie are all currently serving prison sentences for wire fraud .
It 's a bunch of crudely drawn black and white cartoons that are loud and foul mouthed and unfunny .
I like slasher films that do not even have stories .
Else , nothing would have made me sit beyond interval .
This pretty much indicates what level this script is on .
I 'm sorry but this is what put this film in the bad category for me .
The camera goes back to the person about to get eaten , only now they are screaming and armless .
Most of the screen time is dominated by unfunny jokes .
The final result here was not at least witty by any sense of the word .
Avoid this film , you will live longer and happier .
To me , the only interest in this film lies in some of the incidental details .
This movie did nothing to change my mind .
Zombies are agile , stupid and few and far between .
The soundtrack was bad , acting was bad and the story uninspiring .
It 's not even like these witnesses are really even that bad either .
Seed is full of retarded little things like these and the movie gets dumber with each minute that passes .
The dinosaur looks fake , but the movie is fun in a bad way .
The village priest is then called in to perform the exorcism .
I really do find it a completely dire film complimented by it 's dire cast .
What a terrible adaptation of a beautiful novel .
All the characters are dumb and pointless and the deaths are to cartoony .
The film takes many such arrogant leaps .
In short , it was not a bad movie , but it just did not do it for me .
All this would be fine if there was some kind of rhyme or reason behind it , but there is not .
The most difficult thing about this movie is to say anything positive about it .
The good thing is there have not been any more sequels .
I did not really like this movie that much at all .
The panning of the prisoners behind bars is memorable , because nothing else seems able to make the cameras move .
Even though an animated film it really bored everyone under at least
There 's not even an effort to build an interesting story and strong characters .
Sorry , but having it done to a boy does not excuse it .
More could have been done with the main characters .
The drawing and settings are of no level rising to the standards of original anime .
People ought to be the subtitle of this horrible film .
The pacing was very odd , the last third was just spent waiting for the film to end , by myself and the cast .
I switched it off after ten minutes .
Whoever edited the film has no clue what they are doing .
The story of was interesting , though the idea of bloodline in werewolves is nothing new .
The kill scenes were amateurishly handled and there was no suspense leading up to them .
Some were pointed out by the makers of this site others were not .
Most of the acting involves a group of below average looking women dancing naked while staring at the camera .
Horror movies should have blood , screams , intensity , skeletons , body organs and parts .
The show 's opening credits were interesting , with the progress of exploration and a fitting theme song .
Also , the second one is not much better , so do not bother watching that either ...
Redfield , the author of the book , was very heavily involved in the screenplay .
Cat is probably the most annoying character to grace the screen in recent times .
The fact that this line is a high point for the series is pathetic .
The premise was intriguing but the payoff did not offset the build up .
I do not like the cinematography and film editing .
In short , do not bother with this stinker .
The movie did not flow well and was painfully long .
The plot sounded like it had promise .
It 's almost as if they changed writers at that point .
The main character behaves according to his friend selfish .
We hate them and they do not reflect us .
It seems they found a way to build suspense , but could not stage their payoffs very well .
Everything else in this movie is as bad as it can be .
Another man is injected and then buried alive .
If it were never made , no one would notice or care .
This movie is repulsive , illogical and meaningless .
It has three redeeming points though , or actually three actors that is worth a better script than this .
The story just did not flow and was disjointed at best .
This kids mom did not have time to tell him that , she was too busy with the blouse man .
I do not even know where to begin on this one .
I expected the plot line to be tied in with these shots , but there seemed to be no logical explanation .
He is so annoying that you would want to beat the crap out of him if you were able to jump right in the film .
I just ca not go on with the litany of errors made by the director and editors .
I want to thank the director for not explaining the points better .
The film moves so slowly with nothing ever happening .
He 's bullied by neighborhood kids , which i do not blame them because he 's a little douche bag .
Everything is supposed to be funny , but it is not .
The performances from the nobodies are acceptable without making a huge mark .
A better approach would have been shots of them drinking spirits to show the justice of their condition .
In this movie there only seems to be one solution even when it is clear it is not his fault .
A psychotic person escapes from an asylum .
Avoid this bloated whitewash of a musical .
Basic comedy . man 's life is saved by having various animal organs transplanted into him .
To call this a waste of time for puppeteer and actor alike is flattery .
My expectations were no where near low enough .
As for the movie itself , again it is said that the movie is clever and dramatically powerful .
Bo naked too much in this movie , will make you go blind .
Hollywood is not doing anything to make a movie better by adding in sexual situations .
Lou really got trapped in a turkey .
I did not get the point of the movie .
I did not really expect a movie masterpiece , but unfortunately this is not even decent action .
Since he both wrote and directed the thing , he 's nearly solely responsible .
The only thing that might make it slightly appealing is the selection of locations on which it 's been shot .
However just when they think their luck could not get any worse they soon discover that a huge , hairy
This movie ca not make up it s mind what it wants to be and ends up being not much of anything .
I finally decided to throw in my no cents worth .
It would have made it better to have not seen any of the horror .
He started apologizing to me half way through .
I ca nt describe how terrible this movie is .
Not one of the other actors here ever made anything else memorable .
There is much unintentional laughter potential .
I 'm sure it struck fear into the hearts ... of the poor editors .
Movies need to be moderated to retain a semblance of credibility .
I took two young kids to see it and they where bored out of their mind .
Lovelace was a virtual prisoner who was coerced into making these films .
The same clothes do not make it the same movie .
Everything about this film , along with being downright bad , is so bizarre .
Slater sleepwalks through this dreck .
If not , there at least would be fewer bad guys inside .
The songs become tedious after a while , and there is not as much dancing as one would expect .
This film is horribly acted , written , directed and produced .
I 'm very disappointed by this adaption of the famous book .
Shame on the makers of this film for capitalizing on his faults and not his greatness .
There are odd quirks , and interesting turns everywhere , which had absolutely nothing to do with the movie .
Just about any movie comes to mind that is better than this .
I 'm looking forward to bringing him a copy .
Obviously not , she went on to make more bad films .
Let me be kind and say she has had a long career , more based on her looks than acting talent .
There are dreadful nightmares which could be more merciful than this .
This one seemed more like harshness for harshness ' sake .
But aside from that there is not much action to talk about .
Politicians with no charisma speaking technical jargon could not be less entertaining .
But my point is that there could have been so much more to this film .
Oh , if the songs and dances have not caused you to rip your ears off your head , first .
The original show was so much better .
As many others have stated , this is a terrible movie , from every aspect of movie making .
These young adults spend a lot of time running around in the woods hoping not to be fodder for a beast .
I was very excited to see it but was very disappointed .
The main flaw being the lack of explaining the creatures .
Lee whose image is imposed over a moving star field , oh and a skeleton appears as well for some reason .
Just more agonizing cinematic torture .
Just because the original story was a classic does not mean that some cheap adaption is .
So what a drag to discover their talents wasted on this mannered , pretentious lark .
There is of course that one important person on the plane , and the hijacker looking for revenge .
His character 's constant references to fictional cops are a poor effort at irony .
Let me start off by saying that this does not seem or feel like a movie .
But the effects are the bane of the movie .
What 's not hard to tell is the result .
The couple ends up staying together , but the movie lacks any real reconciliation scene .
No one else took part in the battle .
My first opinions on this movie were of course bad .
In a few words , this film does not deserve your time .
There really is not much to say for this movie at all .
Or they would have seen something the public would have overlooked except for the dressing for this turkey .
Danny was alright , he needed more life though .
The filmmakers should be ashamed of themselves for putting this out .
All in all there is not one person who made a terrible impact on me .
Beyond all that , he 's just not that funny here .
The actors are all dubbed too so that does not help .
No remorse , no relief , no surprise , nothing .
Also too much time was spent in bringing her to the main location of the film .
This thing was an undecipherable chopped up disaster .
Just okay film about a woman who is a twin having disturbing visions of her sister in danger back at home .
How anyone could develop a connection with the heroine , or have empathy for her , is beyond me .
Well , okay it might be interesting , but it s not , because it s so badly paced and and only partly acted .
Save yourself some time and pick out another flick .
I do have to agree that some of the guy cast members were cute , but the french guy was really fake .
Disney should have quit while they were ahead .
First off , the controls and camera absolutely suck .
This one does not even have that going for it .
I do not think anyone could be happy with this sequel .
This movie is horrible if you pay attention to it .
The guy kept on assuming identities and cheating on his pregnant wife .
It could repel enemy fire , do all sorts of acrobatics in the air , and take down nearly anything in it 's way .
Oddly , they are not , and by miracle , they fit exactly the situation that is being predicted .
And the motive of the killer as simply deranged did not pack much of a punch .
Watch this hideous abomination at your own peril .
She is supposedly the heir to a face cream fortune .
I assume this is supposed to show the beginning of the outbreak , but is unclear because this is never revisited .
The spinning camera technique was overused and essentially pointless .
In fact , as the old joke goes , they should have forgotten the script and filmed the deal .
All these characters move around like robots , without a clear motivation for their action .
It should not even have had a first .
Who could have been the target market for this .
This is the sort of movie you can walk away from to microwave popcorn and not miss anything at all .
Vega is an attractive , appealing and talented actress .
I will not go into detail what actually was so shocking , but the various incidents are absolutely abnormal .
The movie remains in the gray for far too long .
How were a few chimps able to evolve into a huge raise of all kinds of monkeys in only a few thousands years .
What horrible role models are these rap singers and their foul music .
If the scene and their relationship was important enough to warrant such time then fair enough , but it was not .
They should destroy this movie too .
I was seriously much more entertained by cleaning my finger nails than watching this mess .
The computer also controls things like cars , even though there 's nothing linking the computer with the vehicle .
He 's naught but a joke , a clown that is long overdue for retirement .
Well , they save a dozen villagers or so , the rest was already killed .
Potential that sadly is never realised .
Ah , that 's where this story could get interesting .
I am starting this review with a big giant spoiler about this film .
Whether or not they are worth sitting through the rest of the picture is strictly a matter of taste .
The opening brawl is notably incoherent .
Then comes the convent , which is a pretty difficult scene to screw up .
Ulises is a literature teacher that arrives to a coastal town .
It would have saved them all a lot of trouble .
A sin with it 's used by people who have no idea what their doing .
Words can not describe , nor do they do justice to just how terrible this movie was .
These characters carry nothing to this movie .
A final scene where he gazes down at the regulars paternally is so emotionally false as to be patently absurd .
A well crafted film , fine actors , lousy script writing .
This , and other movies of its caliber should be teaching tools on how not to make a movie .
But this is so bad we had problems seeing the whole thing .
I think the problem was it had no drama .
I do not know who to blame , the timid writers or the clueless director .
This film attempted to encapsulate these historical aspects into an entertaining movie , and largely succeeded .
This film attempted to encapsulate these historical aspects into an entertaining movie , and largely succeeded .
The old cliché about it only happening in the movies applies here in spades .
When the camera shows us the bad guys they 're all just sitting on a log , chatting .
Stella is so terribly crude , and never learns better .
They tried to make up for it by giving it the , ' we know we are doing this ' routine .
The acting of the entire cast is abominable , even though there are a few respected names involved .
The only thing that 's missing is a car chase .
I have an idea , let 's take everyone involved in this movie and ship them into a hot zone in the middle east .
I give her much credit for trying to breathe some life and credibility to this thankless role .
When experimenting on himself , he accidentally transforms himself into a giant bat creature .
The direction is muddled and the film falls in to camp in places .
Problematic too is the lack of white characters .
But not quite on par with quality movies yet .
However , it fails abysmally in the important areas .
No body bothers or at least considers these character .
These are not movies to be directed , but investment portfolios .
The script provides some decent lines and gags , but the delivery seems better suited to drama than comedy .
Her daughter is not quite worth putting up with , but she does get attacked by giant crabs .
I do not really care how many awards and accolades the film won , but to me it is still an absolutely awful film .
Outdated but lovable government ' secret weapon ' kills off better designed but heartless successor .
You can pretty much guess the rest from here .
It was with out a doubt the low point of the film .
No thrills but an interesting concept .
A remake that did not need to be retold .
There was no vampires fighting zombies .
But the scenes are just copied over , there is no coherence whatsoever .
Thus , this is someone who could have been completely left out and would have not affected the movie a bit .
Well if that idea does not intrigue you , which it should not , stay away from ringmaster .
About halfway through you just do not care anymore .
I would have made a bee line for that cute violin player .
Pretty bad movie offers nothing new .
Why every horror director wants to imitate
It is a pity that the film is edited lousy , if not , some scenes were certainly more credible .
It 's only fake blood covered over the actors face .
When he finally gets down to business , his theory is equal parts interesting and utterly boring .
It 's really a terrible film , but i have to recommend it for it 's camp value .
Then after one of them , the movie is over .
But many of this movie 's errors were avoidable .
Too bad , it could been a reasonably good movie .
However , if they passed the second question , they were required to answer the third option .
Madonna gives a typically wooden performance .
There is not much of a crux , so do not expect one either .
Instead they figured mediocrity would be good enough .
He largely carried what little entertainment value the movie had .
There was stuff going on in each scene but no overall explanation why anything happens .
I really wanted to like this movie .
I really wanted to like this movie .
Then again , when he faces the conductor he does nothing and acts as a wimp , watching all the abominations .
But at least i 've had the patience to watch it till the end .
When the guns come out they really needed some choreography help .
The really scary thing is that a majority of the people watching the movie with us seemed to enjoy it .
To tell you the truth it was kind of boring to me and at some spots it did not make sense .
Long shot of guys being bored in the woods and sleeping .
I am still thinking who wrote this .
So from the travelogue point of view , this film has interest .
Instead , just take the video , board a yacht , and throw it overboard .
That being said , rent this when you are suffering from insomnia .
There are no solar panels , no windmills , no concessions to alternate energy .
First , a woman commits suicide by slashing her wrists whilst bathing .
I thought it odd that their ancient book on curses was made using a common script font instead of hand written .
Scfi puts out some really good original movies , it 's just too bad that this failed so drastically .
Every cliche ever invented for a horror movie can be seen here .
The opening titles tell us we 're in deep water already .
The change of director 's probably did not help either , that 's still not a excuse though .
The plot is not even your typical plot .
This film brings absolutely nothing new to the table .
The movie gets dumb and dumber towards the end .
Lost then it would be something to watch .
The idiot did not even believe he killed her .
That indicates how many useless scenes there were in the movie .
The screenplay from this movie could not be more hollow and basic .
All this crap is going on at the reunion , in laughably easy to separate groups , and then they ring a bell .
I would not recommend it , it was not quite bad enough to be funny .
Being the dumbest of the bunch , he is murdered first .
Well , let 's make no mistake about it .
The screenplay itself is lacking in conviction .
Everybody is unpleasant , and for no reason .
All these elements in this film somehow did not add up .
There was at least one seen that left me curious .
There were predictable jokes galore .
Do not even get me started on the actors ...
He brought nothing new or interesting .
Usually a revolting film is watchable for the wrong reasons .
Yep , told you this film was random ...
It 's almost like he 's some kind of destroyer , or eradicator ... sort of like an exterminator or something .
But nothing really creative or funny .
It was really , really , excruciatingly , sickeningly dull .
It looked like the arm of a shop mannequin .
Given the people involved , it is hard to see why this movie should be so messed up and dull .
How can a mother treat her own son that way , okay if it was the daughter in law , but this was her own son .
Some might scoff , but there is actually a real art with making particularly bad films .
I do not even know what else went on .
It 's sort of like watching a western in which the cowboys do not have guns .
The movie is totally devoid of any suspense at all .
The actors were wooden , unemotional , and aloof .
It is amusing enough but was very much to formula .
It employes thousands of people that are all very mislead .
Omitting these facts is an insult to the tragedy .
A charming boy and his mother move to a middle of nowhere town , cats and death soon follow them .
Hell , this is not even film school quality .
I did not feel anything in this film .
Some very interesting camera work and a story with much potential .
A missed opportunity as a film but not as propaganda apparently .
It comes across as a little bit on the cheap side but it really is not a bad looking film at all considering .
Dingos are different animals than other dogs , so again we 're faced with oddness questions .
But the only way in which it is indeed shocking is how shocking badly it 's been made ... and simply is .
He said that every comedian wants to be a rock star .
The dialogue may be worse than any of these other aspects , and the costumes . . . well , enough said .
However , it did more damage than anything else in this movie .
Say something , please somebody , just say something ...
I think it s more likely that he just ca not write a decent script for toffee .
When the film tries to be funny , the humor is quite bland , excluding the ending .
Lowe has some suspicions but drops them quickly .
The beginning of the film seems promising but overall it 's a disaster .
The raped white girl , of course , begins considering lesbianism since she 's just a weak white girl after all .
I found myself lost in the middle as to where the plot is going .
There is almost nothing constructive to be said about this hopeless swamp of a film .
Ok first of all , this movie sucks .
The directing is lackluster , but for what it is , directing is not that important .
Arguments from such victimized people seem irrational , and therefore unconvincing .
Lack of scares , lack of atmosphere , lack of interesting story .
Neither the scenario nor the acting is worth your money .
Carradine in small part mainly lurks about .
A depressed singer commits suicide .
We know he misses his mother , that 's what the first ten minutes were about .
Some movies are so bad , they 're good .
The idea is first of all , is as stale as my jokes and the execution is just a cherry on the cake .
I mean , it looks exactly like that .
There is not much good to say about this one , even though it starts promising .
What is even worse , some people will watch this and get the wrong idea about the poem .
I am still trying to determine whether the previous installment was worse than this one , or vice versa .
Instead of shooting themselves with said semen in the head , or face , they place the gun in their mouths .
Yes , just be a doctor 's spouse and let life pass you by .
He 's just getting his foot in the door and still learning .
Watch it if you 're an aspiring masochist , otherwise , leave this one alone .
The idea that a crazy killer comes out of nowhere baffled me .
But it disappoints , and disappoints severely .
Yeah , lemme take this stick and stab it ..
I found the dialogue outrageous and the plot themes to be somewhat insulting .
They stole just to show that they could .
Sadly , the movie showed none of these types of interactions .
Overall , you 'd be better just to let your kids watch television than bother letting them see this drivel .
The story is disjointed , fragmented and incoherent .
Did not really have any close up shots or similar effects to produce interesting scenes .
Beyond that nothing in terms of action .
However the movie is just all too fake for that to work out as intended .
I accept that this may have been an artistic choice but it 's very annoying all the same .
The plot was pretty lame and the two love interests really did not have chemistry to begin with .
But he could not save the film from it 's own epic lameness .
Let 's just say hypothetically , if it was supposed to be , it was not sharp enough .
I do not mean that the wrong actors were cast .
The acting is great , but the writing is horrible .
The main problem with this movie is the fact that it goes against everything that most vampire myths abide by .
I guarantee you at least an hour and a half of uninterrupted sleep .
While we were shooting , we were allowed to eat several meals with the cast and production staff .
She is accosted by four thugs in the mall parking lot , and the first thing they do is tell her they have a gun .
But this movie looks like someone was joking with the audience putting all those facts into one movie .
The main female characters are one dimensional .
Nice cast , but a disappointing film .
There 's also a truly awful phone sex scene which is just grotesque and proves how cheap the film is .
His performance lacks the usual vitality .
Her attorney was more of an insensitive nerd , also not unknown in the profession .
Then , suddenly , in the last fifteen or twenty minutes , the movie shifts around completely .
We personally felt that it was painfully slow to watch and could not sit through the whole movie .
The actress playing the main character was very credible , and the beauty of the filming is undeniable .
That 's not to suddenly say the storytelling is good though , it 's pretty poor .
Instead of bikes this one involves horses .
Scene after scene seems randomly tossed into the mix , without much thought for narrative or character .
I 'm not quite sure because the plot was so minimal nothing really sticks in my memory .
The director would be nowhere today if all he did was churn out meaningless garbage .
Korolev was the designer in prison design bureau and he was not buried the dead prisoners .
This thing is just so utterly senseless it 's maddening .
This image quality is just one teeny bit better than you get of a mobile phone and the plot is soooo bad .
It is obscure , artsy , and way left of the dial , but none of those are reasons to recommend it on their own .
Well , in this case , not only the movie is not as good as the book , but is an insult to the book .
Then there are abhorrent movies like this .
Her acting level is not bad , but she 's in the film to provide someone to leer at .
Thirdly , and this will strike whoever has seen a good horror film before , the screenplay is absolutely empty .
Not even worth watching for nostalgia 's sake .
But it 's far too little to make the film worthwhile .
Eighty numbers of audience in the movie theater .
First of all , this movie does not have much acting .
Pile on top of that all of the rebel alliance aliens .
He is supposed to help a little boy played by the equally annoying francais cappra .
There 's no real explanation for the transitions .
She must have been a breakthrough actress , one of the first to method act .
The funny parts could be counted on one hand and maybe half of it .
The funny parts could be counted on one hand and maybe half of it .
There is not an ounce of dignity in her .
The crocodile looks like a large gray smudge .
It seemed as if they had all been pulled out of a recent porno shoot and told now guys you really have to act .
Scarecrow 's script seems to have been written in a drunken haze .
In the end , it only seems like there is two or three bad guys .
You do not care at all what happens to the characters .
Well , it 's off to the video store to get my money back for false advertising .
There was barely a shred of the original show still intact .
In my opinion there is no need for anything else to be said about this film .
He was awarded it for repeated acts of bravery over a long period of time .
This attempt should have never left the studio .
The only reasonable potential of him is he 's about to set up the cliffhanging climax .
What we have here is a horror movie with a storyline that goes nowhere for most of the time .
The sum total of this film appears to be a tale of two not particularly likable or healthy people .
Judy in particular is disappointing .
The three main characters are so overly characterized that they are mere caricatures .
Usually , his concept is far beyond his budget .
The rest of the cast either overacts or underacts in scenes .
If it was even a patch on fight club , the violence , blood , gore etc would be much more evident and realistic .
It is trite , overwrought and tedious .
He 's trying to get to the hospital where his wife is suffering from complications to her pregnancy .
It 's interesting to see what the director tried to do with this film .
There 's not a single good thing to be said about this movie .
The two action scenes in the film are presented in slow motion , and are really bad .
Watching her , you ca not but wonder
The movie is nothing more than a series of sight gags and poor ones at that .
However all the violence in this film serves no end whatsoever .
And finally , the bad surprise ending was just plane dumb .
Sometimes movies are bad in a way that they 're actually sort of good .
Overall this film commits the crime of blowing another potential idea .
This might be okay if the makers were not quite as proud of its design as they seem to be .
I know some people gave this good reviews , but , well , they 're lying in a sadistic attempt to trick you .
But there 's nothing really spectacular here .
As interesting as a sheet of cardboard , this dispensable period piece has little going for it .
At the conclusion , the reporter and a doctor she just met decide to marry .
But hey , stunt men deserve their moment of glory always .
Although the ceremony itself was pretty short it still was somewhat boring .
Unfortunately , the design and construction are not that inspired .
There is no plot line , and is not funny .
There is no gatekeeper here , the movie just seems to exist because it can .
We had a great time bashing majority of the unrealistic scenes .
I do not write spoilers for anything , so if you want to know why it 's so disgusting , see it for yourself .
I think it was this level of thinking that ruined the film for me .
On a positive note , the film does contain some fairly good gory murder scenes .
The less said about the others the better .
Much of the action is pretty lame , and the violence is tepid .
The film was obviously shot on a budget as the locations look cheap and all the actors are rubbish .
Whenever stuck for anything amusing to say , which is like every five seconds , he issues a hissing laugh .
Martha 's character was the worst drawn .
The ending in fact just made me laugh at how bad it was .
Now , we 're supposed to teach our child not to talk to strangers .
Instead of a horribly scarred man trying to make up for past mistakes .
He could have chosen a better script than this .
Still , it was poorly crafted and not interesting .
It 's saddening to see something special be treated as such disgracing fodder .
I thought that this movie was suppose to be great , but it was not more than a cheesy waste of time .
But overall , this is a terrible film .
Some of the transformations between werewolf and human form , obviously done by computer , are really bad .
Sorry , the only mystery on show here is how this did not win the golden raspberry for its year .
I really ca not see the point of watching this unless you need to see every sleazy thriller out there .
This egregious disaster of a film just makes me want to produce an endless , bilious rant .
The red headed women displays examples of what an actress should not do .
It 's not enough corky , just dorky .
If the filmmaker would insisted on stronger portrayals , the film would drive the point straight to home .
The microphone is obviously right by the man at the table , making for a laughable actor carousel .
It turns out to be more plodding than anything else .
The only thing we want to know is why such a terrible movie was released in so many countries .
Even the chick at the trailer park .
Somehow she becomes pregnant overnight , then gets shot in the head .
Ca not say you had nothing to work with .
George is not always funny , he sometimes acts stupid .
Let your painterly talent express itself to the full .
I guess he was trying to make a stylish movie .
The score and songs are more interesting than the script .
It was ludicrous , with half a heart and the story bad explained .
In some scenes you see violence , that has absolutely nothing to do with the plot nor does it explain anything .
The dialogue is appalling and nothing like as authentic or compelling as the original film .
The first five listed actors in here are women so that verifies that it 's really a chick flick and little else .
Good people work for antagonist in order to save kidnapped family members .
While playing a game where the guests confess and confront their worst fears ...
Also there is simply no chemistry at all between her and either of the male leads .
The word zombie is constantly inserted into an otherwise familiarly homey line for a cheap attempt at a laugh .
These films abound with boredom , weirdness and incomprehensibility .
There is nothing explaining why they are there and how they can give regular humans superpowers .
It 's a shame that they could not have been a little smarter and more considerate of the loyal fans .
I 'm assuming she must have short term memory loss , or something .
I have to fill more lines to get this accepted .
I have to fill more lines to get this accepted .
I have to fill more lines to get this accepted .
Unfortunately , trying too hard while failing to shed her own persona does not mix well .
Everyone speaks with a depressing , monotone voice .
Most of that was a bunch of women bitching about everything to each other .
The dueling and fencing was awful and undramatic .
I mean , the general meaning might be sort of similar but most aspects of the movie are completely different .
Too much fragments , you need to image and connect those stories by your mind .
Too much fragments , you need to image and connect those stories by your mind .
In general , the entire production seemed incredibly amatuerish .
Only saving grace are the good performances in the second half .
But this story is to thin for them .
It was a despicable movie for that reason .
All the flavor of a good , flat decaffeinated diet cola .
Killer tomatoes were funny , but this is just sick .
Maybe it was just a few weak initial episodes .
My regards go to the cameraman , at least he tried to make something out of it .
We are looking at the over all quality of the movie experience .
To promote this as a horror film is a joke .
I do not know what else to say here .
The behavior of the actors after a line of coke is nothing different than had they had a drink of water .
Daphne 's already a disgusting slut , so she does not have a heart 's desire .
Killing a woman for a head transplant would be considered harm .
It s a predictable movie with no surprises .
At least in this case , the fact that they were on their way to a rave excuses the way the girls are dressed .
First of all , this is a noble premise that could 've been utilized well .
It 's not oozing nudity or anything , but a lot that was not needed .
Movies like this that ruin the original just make me crazy .
It 's that it 's not any of those things , yet it so desperately wants to be all of them .
The script was by the numbers and its delivery patronising .
It just made no sense at all and made me want to switch off there and then .
With the exception of a little of the original music , none of what made the film fun appears in this show .
Do not do it yourself you have better things to do that watching stupid scenario film ...
The movies climax is as uninteresting and flat as a beer , which has been left out in the sun too long .
Watch if you are into cheesy alien films , but anyone else should steer clear .
All in all , only rent if you are desperate or possess a dark sense of humor .
Mutants with knives are far below our ability to deal with .
Silver looked literally lost for words .
I do perk up when a screenplay is original .
This movie shows us nothing original .
I swear they picked up some random kids off the street based on how they looked .
To do this he needs to get passed a tamper proof security system that guards the corporation mainframe .
They provide a horribly tacky cheap entertainment .
There was nothing in this movie that made me want to buy the book , or even borrow it from the library .
Most movies leave a bad taste in your mouth .
It 's too bad she had such little air time .
Ties are pretty good and grotesque , but the rest of the film is awful .
He 's just too ' slight ' at this point in his life .
Lame , cliched superhero action movie drivel .
This movie is an absolute mockery to all of mankind .
The anticipated pranks are neither funny or original , unless you think that short sheeting is a real howler .
Luckily it moves along like a rocket and is never dull or boring , unlike the original .
The sudden time shifting does not help matters as it appears completely unwarranted and pointless .
Do not even get me started on the innuendos .
There are long , interrupting shots of insects of all sorts for no reason .
The voice acting could 've been better .
The fact that this movie was independently made makes it no less terrible .
Not only are they boring , but they are the scenes where you will be spotting the flubs the most .
But , again , the biggest hang up is the lack of laying out a playing field for the actors .
It would have been a comedy but for the young girl being raped .
In all honesty though i have seen much worse than this .
Now let 's take a quick personal recap here .
The strength of the characters was missing , and nothing was explained .
The movie needed more time to perhaps develop a better storyline .
I could go on , but what 's the point .
The girls are screaming so hysterically that many a time you ca not make out what they 're saying .
It is written so badly that every character is a caricature , yet it seems to take itself seriously .
Revenge , retribution , manipulation .
Ideally he needs to be a young guy in order attract girls .
I guess this is just a film that knew who its audience was and was produced accordingly .
And if you need to act bad just throw racism around ...
Spare yourself and rent something better .
Not to be seen on a serious stomach .
I 'm sorry , but this film was nothing but shock after shock .
No reason to bother renting this flick .
I 'm no expert , but that seems outright wrong .
The story is , however , mildly entertaining if you want to put up with the bad acting .
I was so looking forward to seeing this when it was in production .
The largest roadblock to this production is the complete flatness of the characters .
They were here , now they 're there .
The episode go ons for a while introducing characters blah blah blah .
It finally fizzles out after stiff , formulaic , predictable dialogue and acting .
But the plot was out of course and did not have as an interest as the other movies .
My advice , if you find yourself in this , run , do not walk , for the exit .
Probably the worst effects of all were the horses , which stiffly tottered back and forth as they moved .
The whole time sitting in the theater i wanted the movie to end .
Expose your kids to stupidity and they will grow up dumberer .
I really want to be more specific , but words escape me .
Not much really happens in this movie .
One of my most horrible movie experiences .
Man the word bad is an understatement .
There are no surprises , no original lines , and no original characters .
The plot is a mishmash that is confuses symbolism with substance .
I have to believe those two fine actors were embarrassed to be associated with this film .
There was nothing new or interesting to say and that completely outweighed the acting , which was a pity .
I do not see a reason why they like this film so much .
This is one of the most pointless films ever made .
In the end , it 's the amateur script with it 's leaden lines which makes this entire movie ... blow .
Yes , this film would have been better made if the real opera singers had made this movie .
A reasonable effort is summary for this film .
The plot is as recycled as an aluminum can .
This is a terrible film , and not one scene has an ounce of truthful emotion .
The film goes down hill from there .
There was a lack of any chemistry between the cast members .
I found this movie hard to believe .
Other than that , this film has absolutely nothing to recommend it .
Here , he gets involved with a dead woman below the sea .
I just sat there watching endless parade of nothingness in stupefaction muttering
So if you are , just move along , ' cause you 're not going to agree with me .
His culpability lies in not rejecting the horrid script .
The other characters are no better .
It just came off as moronic , totally unbelievable and even cruel .
Random characters and events that are not needed .
The plot is quite absurd and none of the actors plays a decent part .
They changed the story , they changed the songs , they lost the soul .
Largo does not throw knifes at all , but just some snake stares ...
He is a complete nut case in this movie and made a believer out of me .
The musical numbers were pedestrian .
Sibrel thinks he 's the only one who 's seen it .
Way too much extraneous dialog , and waaay too many added scenes and people .
These three characters were totally unrealistic .
Nothing about this movie outside of its existence is funny .
The blatant , exploitative financial baiting of children is nauseating .
Even those from the era should be turned off .
There is no attempt at drama in scene selection but rather drama is communicated by the intensity of the actors .
In one scene , he ends up in a tugging match with a dog who has a package of cocaine in his mouth .
But , my guess is that there could have been some suspense or intrigue even while maintaining truth in the story .
You have better ways to waste your time , overall .
And let 's not get started on the subplot of the maid and chauffeur planning to extort money from the kid .
Anthony you aimed for the stars , but unfortunately missed by a couple of light years .
It 's an inspired and funny scene in a mostly uninspired and stupid movie .
This film is entirely devoid of positives .
There is no real plot here , just excuses to trot out stalwart comedy talent in underwritten roles .
But , how hard would it have been for the writer to actually script a story with a beginning , middle and end .
The acting standard is poor for the most part .
They succeed , too , in making him shrivel .
Anyone involved in this film should be ashamed of themselves .
It s not funny it s not that raunchy it s not much of anything but a waste of time .
It pretty much lets down the whole film , and any leg that it may have had left to stand on , is ruined .
Well the beginning of the film is a bit slow , and can result boring for most people .
I would not give this movie a rating , it 's not worthy .
A real degrading few hours of film .
Some sort of explanation would have been nice .
He does not convince as a man on a run , or a secret agent .
The movie was cute , at least the little flyes were .
The way that it kept changing from looking low budget back to normal started to become irritating very fast .
Anyway , her editor discourages her from working on this lame story .
This movie is as sterile as a surgeon 's scalpel .
I was really expecting better from this film and was very disappointed to have been let down so much .
Okay , let 's not get confused here .
And oh yes , they have lots to show .
Pranks is a badly made slasher movie .
I do not care how many nominations this junk got for best this and that , this movie stunk .
Out of nowhere a single male lion appears .
My younger brother lost interest half way through and was confused by the story .
The movie does not have to be like the book .
Somehow we are supposed to forget him and accept another little boy that share no resemblance to the original ...
The humour , meanwhile , falls flat .
It was interesting , but did not seem to go anywhere .
Although there are a few choreographic highlights , most of the choreography is bland and uninspiring .
Secondly , it is slow and terribly drawn out .
Oops , that was not in the brochure .
Now that in itself does not make for a bad film .
Probably something the real estate agent failed to mention .
The connection is a stretch and he should have shot the main actress first .
But there really was not anything funny about these stereotypical characters .
Unfortunately , a lot of the movie 's dialog was very fake sounding and cheesy .
She 's not really much fun to look at either , there are moments where to be honest she looks downright ugly .
The casting was terrible , the acting unspeakable , and the story filled with holes .
Another painful proof that different sometimes equals dreck .
Otherwise the acting was decidedly bad .
Branaugh seemed to have so much trouble remembering his accent that he could not deliver his lines .
At least the under ten year old set will stay interested .
Not to mention you can see every plot point coming from a mile away .
If you just make films for yourself and a few of your fans , you 're just reaching the already converted .
So now following the plot made to laugh , is annoying .
Then there seems like there might be scenes missing but you get used to after a while .
They were looking for the vials , and had not found them .
Tone walked through this one as if he were hungover .
Of course they probably knew this having read the script then agreeing to do the film .
However , what bothers me so much about this film , is how unlikable practically all of the characters are .
This clunker of a film sets a new standard for bad filmmaking .
She has nothing to add in the discussion scenes but the camera lingers on her to bring in the kiddoes .
Like putting some people in the director 's chair , where they do not belong .
So his cap is black and it looks shiny as if it were made of polyester .
So producers and directors would look to the stage to get actors .
Overall , this was rather disappointing to watch .
The plot is nonexistent and script shoddily written .
A supporting character even in the first , he at least added something to the movie .
Slash was probably drugged into being in this film .
Although it can be argued that that seeming failing , in actuality , serves the telling of the story .
He needs to work at a garbage dump shoveling crap where he belongs .
The plotting is pretty weak and the characters are pretty dumb .
It looks as if it was filmed with a video camera .
However , too much of it still comes off as contrived .
She comes across as nagging , grumpy , and there is no chemistry between the two stars .
I just hope that nobody judges the books by this film .
Unfortunately , realism is something they could have done without .
I kept watching my watch hoping time would fly faster ...
It was in no way visually appealing .
The main character is mildly sympathetic .
The movie may have been alright with a few changes .
Looking at it now , one must roar at its ineptitude and stupidity .
Truly a movie that is bad enough to be watchable .
While this does bring the former in spades , it sadly contains none of the latter .
The film starts off with some nice action but then drags it feet through the rest of the film .
Unfortunately for me , that time is lost , but it 's not too late for you .
Acting varies from the reasonable to the hideously painful to watch .
The acting was stiff and the actors gave off a sense of inexperience .
I am continually amazed at how so many people can be involved in something that turns out so bad .
It did not even seem to make sense really .
The movie is like the film makers were having a bad hangover making it .
They all died with the same clothes on for some reason .
They 've probably and already taken the bucket to the cesspool by making three or four of these movies .
If you watch his films in the order he was in them it would seem he got gradually worse as they went along .
Who 's naughty , who 's nice , blah blah .
It 's so stupid and vulgar it lowers itself to high art .
She wants to get famous and makes up a boyfriend to let news reporters be interested in her .
They brain a delivery boy and then drown him to make sure .
I am sure this movie is okay to watch as long as it is not taken too seriously .
In film as in most art , if one thing is off , the whole thing feels off .
It s just that nobody wants to see it .
Even those have cohesion , if not entertainment value .
Having a slasher film with five characters is really a bad idea .
He was slowly becoming a jokey , retarded pop culture icon , but this is the lowest of the low .
Perhaps this was meant to be funny , but it just comes off as sad .
Students of movie making should take this movie as an example for the lesson what not to do in a movie .
To put it as succinctly as possible , this film is appalling jingoistic claptrap .
Intriguing idea sounds better on paper than it plays out .
I was not sure whether it was a comedy , a romance , a tragedy or a soap opera .
Very boring , and dumb beyond belief .
After those few minutes , however , the film just slowly goes down the drain .
This says nothing of the fact that the ending or the final big twist was a bit stupid .
Narratively it is messy and the lighting is really problematic .
Like honestly , we know that you 're in danger , rolling that much is not gon na help all that much .
Someone was milking the last dollar out of these films .
It would have been better if it had remained a ghost story .
Then , inexplicably , the two are released without answering any questions .
This movie however was slightly below average , yet watchable .
The movie had nothing to it to hold my attention at all .
But they do not redeem the flat monotony .
Little attempt is made to dress the scenery to represent any contiguous filmic landscape or period .
I ca not even being to wade through the clichéd elements .
Even the earthquake was pretty poor .
There is no logic whatsoever for what 's happening .
Maybe its supposed to feel as empty and cold as death .
I really do fail to see the actual surplus value of this movie .
Really , this movie was just a bunch of light fluff with virtually no boggy creek creature to be seen .
Wait till you see this heavy handed adaption of a little collegiate one act .
Some of the editing was well done , but there are continuity errors all over the place ...
It certainly did not kill me during its hour and a half duration , but it did not impress me much either .
He 's destroying his own dignity by doing all these stupid films .
But there is no clear story on why and what is happening .
It is so bad , it is not even good for being bad .
Bad story line , cheesy makeup , and this is just the tip of the iceberg .
One of the bikers always wears a football helmet , a weak attempt to distinguish him from all the other outlaws .
The music is very apt for the moment and acts as a catalyst adding further tension .
Dolph sleepwalks through his role and spouts some of the worst dialogue of his career .
There is a reason filmmakers such as these are hailed for their ability with special effects .
How can they make movies of such beauty , but that are so terribly bad .
She turns down , too many bad memories .
Plus they kill a lot of the scary moments before they even hint that they 're going to happen .
The violence is distasteful , though artfully done .
The simulated sex scenes had no acting value at any level .
But if gore is all you 're here for , then you might be able to stomach this one .
He did not seem to realize how to use his talents .
The movie sequence was so stupid and cliché .
The directing and continuity were pitiful .
Alice too , was letdown by the foolish script and the unflattering photography .
But over all the picture moves slow and just does not live up to the aspirations it could have been .
From beginning to end it 's boring , repetitive and worthy of about a dozen eye rolls .
One of them wears it and becomes possessed by the spirit of a demon .
The surgical scenes are not at all censored .
I wanted to like this movie , but many elements ruined it for me .
It 's obvious that very little money was spent on it .
I did not notice a single black student or player in the school .
These scenes are almost painful to sit through .
The unintentionally funny details , make the whole scene come across as fake and silly .
It has no redeeming qualities whatsoever .
The movie incorporates taboo scenes to make the viewer move back in their chairs .
I 'm not saying that because the production values were so low , but because it was filmed terribly .
One of the most boring slashers ever ..
The sceenplay was predictable down to the very last scene and the dialog tedious .
And the commercials looked so promising ...
There 's a fair amount of potential , but the film delivers too little to be worthwhile .
I tried watching this movie , but it made me mad to see my hometown being treated so bad .
It is the world of cheese and cliché .
Somehow the video manages even to make cute , scantily clad females and sex look grotesque and distasteful .
And here 's a turnup for the books ...
This movie barely followed the story line of the movie .
It 's a shame that this movie has been marketed as a family comedy .
He knows that such films are for entertainment value only .
The problem only is that there are not many jokes .
This is a tourist film , and a lousy one .
Someone should 've told him that poor is not synonymous with dirty , nor ignorant , nor cliche .
Sorry , but it 's just not my type of show .
Sorry , but it 's just not my type of show .
This movie is really a disgrace to movie goers .
No suspense and no thrills , but not for a lack of trying .
The scares in the movie are few and spread out , and it 's really not that scary .
I asked the clerk what the worst movie he had in stock was .
With the right material , they could have been show stoppers .
Snitch'd is a third rate amateur video being passed off as a feature film .
Just please do not watch this movie .
But shortly afterward , it all becomes a jumbled mess .
No sex but just about everything else .
There 's nothing in this film that would draw specific attention to it , or away from it .
I am a student of film , and have been for several years .
There is no character development , and the plot provides no reasonable rationale for fighting .
The acting and narration are a complete joke .
The rest of the movie does not get much better .
Purely because when his ' comedy routine ' worked , it did work .
Only redeeming feature is modest amount of gratuitous female nudity , a smattering of which is full frontal .
However , by the time the credits roll , there 's no saving it .
They used to make westerns like this , that were under an hour long .
The ending is predictable , and the movie is a bore from start to finish .
Salman is monotonous and he irks you .
The many flashbacks only add to the confusion .
This review does not need a spoiler in order to let you add these pieces to an obvious plot .
At least some dance movies had half decent dance scenes , these ones do not even deserve a watch .
Freshmen film makers often bite off more that they , or their budget , can chew .
I never so much as chuckled , perhaps because i was too busy struggling not to be put to sleep by the film .
Any and every opportunity for comedy is mercilessly squandered .
There 's just so much potential that is not realized .
I give this a generous four out of ten stars , or dots or markers , or something .
It would not have been tolerated for a moment ...
A lot of the scenes just do not make sense .
The story in the movie is still in my opinion , weak and rather lame .
I ca not think of one positive thing to say about this film ...
The direction was poor , and the rare freak effects were pretty horrendous and unbelievable .
You 're not going to ever get out of limbo otherwise .
Clouse made up in order to sell his lame idea .
Probably her involvement was the only reason this project was green lighted to begin with .
She lies there like a cold slab of meat on a chopping block .
I can only imagine it might be closer to the real story than this poor adaption .
But the biggest offender is the editing .
There are two lesbians in this next one who are completely retarded its ridiculous .
The storyplot was okay by itself , but the film felt very bubbly and fake .
Talk about the all time swindler movie in any actor 's resume .
And no trite analysis of the easy social comment herein will change that .
The story is horrible beyond belief .
It may have been a good idea for the producers to have hired at least one person who was not colour blind .
None of this is helped by the atrocious acting .
But the cops had no reason to think that they would not .
The plot , even though predictable , was intriguing ... that is , until the end .
The acting was so bad that it even failed to entertain on a bad level .
Still , it was more appealing to me for it 's moral value .
Of course there are lots of worse films , but , sure , there are many many better ones .
This movie begs to be watched in a group with an ample supply of cheap beer .
Even the kung fu fighting is not a reason to watch this , it 's just so boring .
Aside from the facts and lack of depth , the film is not all bad .
If your morbidly curious as to how bad this movie is , please do not make me describe it .
I very much doubt that 's the point the movie meant to make .
When the emperor has no clothes they scream it the loudest .
From the moment the film begins , already there is a discrepancy .
A four foot tall kid can dunk on a ten foot tall basketball net .
The acting is unremarkable , and the score is all too generic despite an interesting chord or two .
They show the nudity , but they never really show the murders at this point in the film .
I do not believe they made this film .
Monkeys could have done a better job editing this trash .
Just looking at the sets , staging and editing it is easy to tell this project lacked a proper budget .
There are specific criteria and none of it fits here .
Talk about a stock character ...ugh .
Every single movie from lionsgate has been abysmal .
There is no reason to watch this film at all .
Theodore 's already turning over in his grave .
It is passed off as an art film , but it is really a piece of trash .
Her psychological profile would have been interesting to delve into .
Nothing this film does is in a good way .
In fact reason and logic do not appear much in this film .
This script makes good actors look bad .
But neither the sexy stuff nor the jokes really work .
Toro should not work in production of movies , he should put accent on his acting and that 's it .
Talk about false advertisement at it worst .
Mumbling and people wandering wistfully .
If you have a soul do not damage it by subjecting yourself to this filth .
The movie plummets from there unfortunately .
Take away this element , and you 're left with pure self indulgence .
These errors were entirely avoidable .
It 's pretty bad when the generic movie synopsis has more information than the film itself .
However , you evidently have fed into the hype that one you are somehow white or superior ... you are not .
She was unbearable throughout the film .
The female characters have little or nothing to say .
The monster , while hard to kill , does not do much besides shuffle around and roar .
If you like snow boarding apes or blue things this movie is not for you .
Limited animation as well as sub standard character and background design will limit its mass market appeal .
A two hour or less walk will kill them .
I would give this a zero but that is impossible .
This just suggests lazy scriptwriting .
Just back away slowly and then run like hell .
This barely watchable film was a bit of an ordeal to sit through .
That is another disappointing aspect of the movie .
A monkey could write a better theme with a toy xylophone .
This movie is not good enough to be a bad movie .
I would spend money to buy copies of this movie and burn them so that people ca not see it .
The quality both picture and sound are terrible , the acting ... well does not exist .
That 's why this movie gets a point .
Ok , let 's give them poker , girls , and fast cars .
It had a good setting , almost no plot , and a mix of good and terrible acting .
I do not care what the critics say , it 's bad .
I literally threw it in the garbage .
These they are merely used as an excuse for weepy sentimentality .
For no reason he kills the mother , father and brother .
She was excited because the box said it was funny .
But .... too many stories , too short and lacking really any sense .
Do not they realize that in the end , they are going to lose more fans than they could possibly gain .
But , from there onwards , it 's downhill all the way .
Because as plots go , his has little that 's original , or even interesting .
Basically , they want to get the mermaid to fall in love with the hunk .
For some reason he has ugly looking monster in a closet at his cabin .
There was a guy that look like shredder from turtles and talked exactly like a tuskan raider from star wars .
Really , pyrotechnics to the extreme .
There was no real advancement of anything .
Additionally , they just get rid of things .
The plot also was worse by ten fold .
For some reason this type of identity theft happens exclusively to women .
Everything that happened in the movie was so obvious and all seemed to happen for a reason .
Very little works in this pretentious garbage .
I will be honest , this is one of the worst movies ever .
It really is not worth any amount of money .
This movie was a huge disappointment for me , because it makes a lot of good promises .
What made the aliens so scary in the movie was that they spoke an ancient language and were real monsters .
Well , you can watch this to have some laughs at the terrible fight scenes .
Absolutely aggravating movie that had so much promise .
The women are all good , but no better than that .
It was nothing more than common dialog that would have taken place back in that period of time .
He 's just this guy who kills people .
Horrible acting goes from pledge to the head jock .
I watched this a long time ago but believe me , this is just a regular boring soft core flick .
Like i said , do not expect much from this film , it was done on a cheap budget .
However , the actual quality of the film is irrelevant .
The men are murdered with a set of knives that are missing from the local butcher .
I just sat through this movie and it was a struggle .
In other words , this was a boring game .
The story was thin , the characters overdrawn , and the direction pedestrian .
This is really insane , not just absurd .
His acting skills essentially consist of saying a lot of cheesy lines and trying to act sexy .
During my showing , literally half of the audience had walked out by the end of the film .
Oh yeah , there 's a subplot about an evil world conspiracy and famine , or something .
And it does not even cop out on the flashes of nudity or spiteful splatter .
It was poorly put together and made you almost want to laugh at the several terribly acted out murder scenes .
He also has the problem of having a heart condition and waiting in the limbo that is the organ donor registry .
Besides that , the film is filled with laughable gore and fakey death scenes .
Because yesterday this was a wilderness .
All in all , a thoroughly ridiculous ' thriller ' .
The production was so cheap and nasty ...
My roommate , who loves these types of movies even turned it off .
This is a terrible adaption of it though .
Even in spite of a good car chase sequence , this flick seems to lumber on almost aimlessly .
This could have been a great but i turned out to be the most boring film i have ever watched .
We were sitting the whole movie waiting for something ...
Whether he should have made the attempt or not can not be judged .
However , it does not work as a popcorn film either .
This movie was kind of interesting ...
He 's a dumb ass with nothing to offer the show .
Being an exploitation fan , however , none of this was new to me .
James worked so much that you could feel for him but the others were not realistic at all and that 's a shame .
You 'd have to be blind or stupid not to see the ending coming .
The main character never really seems to change all that much from beginning to end .
Zizek 's attitude towards logic is that of a dog toward its plastic bone .
Blurring the line between reality and lies simply does not work because the entire movie made no sense .
The first shot is a camera feed from a robot traveling towards a bomb and is , naturally , shaky .
Regardless , there are times when you sit back and realize how shameless some filmmakers are .
Some of the thing 's they say in this series not even a child would bought .
Other than that , the men could not kill their enemy except with either bayonets or grenades .
Soderbergh buries his lead because he 's weak on narrative .
Hollywood has attempted to create a kind of comedy car chase movie .
I truly hope the third movie in this series will not follow the example of this waste .
He gives the body a double dose of the formula but nothing happens .
Apart from one or two decent moments there 's not much here to recommend .
Then there was the talking to himself .
There was also a really annoying bloke at the beginning of the film who was a member of the robbery gang .
Well , given the target audience , that may not have been too bad of an idea .
The whole storyline is centered around sex , and nothing else .
And they basically showed the same one movie over and over and over again .
The premise of this film is a small community that is besieged by mutated slugs .
As for the horror aspect that too is lame .
All they did was change the setting of the story and tell it differently but the differences are not significant .
Those intrigued by the title and the ' real cannibal ' appeal of this film will be let down .
I 've wasted enough time with review , just take my advice , it 's garbage .
This is the kind of movie that wants to be good but sucks .
Anyone with any ounce of taste would agree with that statement .
Then , the giant turd is the bowels of the movie , or when the movie is crap .
Cut should have been left on the cutting room floor .
This is suppose to be a sexy thriller but it s not .
I am unfortunate to say that that happened .
The editing could have been tighter .
Try to imagine a movie where every scene , line , and even every acting nuance was designed to be a parody .
Wild , it 's the same thing only it does not try to pretend that it 's a film .
Which is very flat with very few trees .
Each segment features the very worst in acting , special effects , make up and music .
There 's also a young police character who is even dumber and less convincing than the others .
Something really disturbing were the overdubbed dialogues , it was most of the time spoken out loud .
This movie made hardly any money for a good reason .
This movie made hardly any money for a good reason .
The less said about the surrounding catastrophe the better .
I dun no what the hype around this is ...
People talk and smoke and do not do anything .
Although they have a gun she gives them attitude .
So the movie has a real suspense and credibility problem .
I endured to the end because surely there must be something here , but no .
To date , the movie viewing public has been robbed of what would surely have been a cinematic tour de force .
Poorly lit , especially the night scenes and the ending , which you ca not make out at all .
At least then the film might have been slightly shorter .
Never judge a book by it 's cover , was coined as a warning to those who fail to look beneath the surface .
Boyfriend chases kid into corn field .
Well , somewhere the screenplay failed them .
And the ending did not make one ounce of sense .
There is not even proper action in it .
Even at about an hour and a half , it all gets rather tiresome , and of course , not scary at all .
There was a fairly decent amount of nudity , which to me is a pretty good thing , but it was not all that hot .
There was tragedy and triumph , loss and gain .
And boom , your right back into realizing this film just does not live up to its premise .
Corny , utterly stupid and worthless .
There is hardly anything in here that could justify making it a film and not a radio play .
And the assassin towards the end completely added to the horrendous movie that is ...
Yet this same god has no indignation for the acts of the killer .
The sound mixing is horrible , because sometimes the voices are disconnected .
I can not even begin to describe how bad this movie truly is .
Usually unrealistic is synonymous with unfunny , and that is most definitely the case here .
So , he makes silly requests of the family and even writes scripts for them to read .
This gimmick relies on a stereotype that is to far afield from reality to be satisfying .
It growls and it s mouth does nt move .
Then , the movie starts up , and they are speaking some sort of different language .
I ca not believe someone really made such a movie .
There is one scene that is entirely unnecessary and could be removed without anyone noticing .
The problem is in how all of that has replaced already any possible comedy in it .
People just like him because of his looks .
If you 're going to look after a child , make sure they do not live anywhere near a graveyard .
The plot moved from implausible to downright absurd .
It is one big pathetic , grainy , cliché .
It s becoming harder to write any sort of review for it because the movie left my brain the second it ended ...
I can see where some originality might have been what they were going for , but it could have been better .
It 's hard to see why these women would still be talking to one another and the finale is unconvincing .
But most of them do not make the effort or were not given the chance .
He had the brilliance to produce a film with actors that could not act .
You wo not miss anything if you skip this one .
While minutes may not sound like a very long amount of time , it can be in a movie , particularly in this one .
Naturally he wo not be shut down without a fight .
This was such a bad movie , about such and interesting true story .
Shame on him for not holding up to the talent he has .
There are scenes with old men ogling young girls who are related to them .
I thought that this movie was pretty lame .
I do not know if it 's the story 's lack of coherence , which cuts to scenes that make absolutely no sense .
Then she gets chased by some dude in a clear plastic mask and grabbed by another .
One of the most irritating , films of all time .
So they could add a little nudity and spice to it .
The scenes are unnecessary and choppy .
But these were forgivable shortcomings .
Unless you 're stuck for a novelty coffee coaster , do not pick this up if you see it in a bargain bucket .
Lots'o'characters with no development .
Casting him as a sewer inspector was a stroke of genius , unfortunately the only one evident in the film .
Sure , it has some amusing moments , but they 're few , and far apart .
The script is abysmal , with a plot that wanders willy nilly .
But by the time you get there , you hardly care less .
This bothered me particularly because it was much more interesting than the actual plot of the movie .
He promptly gets stuck and barely manages to get out .
I will not make suggestion whether you should see this movie or not .
I 'm sure if they were made into movies they were real good books ... and the screenplay went terribly wrong .
More than that they 're irritating and pretty hateful people .
That was the one and only time this movie raised any interest .
There were problems with props too .
This movie started out in an interesting manner , but quickly ran the gamut from confusing to dull .
The story does not make any sense at all .
Gellar plays a lame buisnesswoman who does not kill vampires or get naked at all throughout the movie .
A badly conceived adversary with very little complexity .
The show ca not be properly termed as comedy show as it lacks humor miserably .
Why the bad guys do not just kill her instead of waiting for her to hit them with a tire iron is beyond me .
An old , disfigured woman living in the woods , giving kids presents for their teeth .
They devoted maybe five or six scenes total to this family .
They devoted maybe five or six scenes total to this family .
Richards gets topless , an a topless extra at a pool party
There were interesting characters , some interesting scenes , and many missed possibilities .
Again there were hadly any death scenes , although they were different , they sucked bigtime .
The whole movie feels like it was made as an excuse to make interesting looking areas .
Saying thar actually makes me sad and even a little guilty .
An emotionally manipulative film that is very , very empty .
I wo not bother uncoiling the plot of the opera here .
I went to this movie hoping to learn about the man behind most of that .
These are the types of movies that can move a list actors to the b list in hurry .
The cast is fairly mediocre in their performances .
I , however , not of that era , am vaguely familiar with them .
The script is tired and suffers from a terminal case of horror movie logic .
Alienator sets up an interesting premise .
There are a lot of parts that are laughably bad , too .
And instead of giving you more answers , it just seemed like more questions .
The dramatization pushes beyond suspension of disbelieve .
Do not recommend , unless you 're a big fan one of the starring actors .
Taylor simply has never been worse , turning in a cringe inducing performance .
Below average , even with precautionary forethought .
Special effects that looked like something that a little child would create .
They react the same way in boring situations and are completely secure in their own bodies .
If any show needed a father it was that one .
What an appalling slap in the face to his fans .
Without exception , every performance in this movie was incredibly below average .
This was just a bore for the most part .
This is just dull intellectualism , that grates on the nerves pretty quickly .
You 've used up enough false scares to get through this movie and every other horror remake this year .
Hard to do with characters who were not given anything to begin with .
Stop talking about anyone a name that stupid .
I expected better , and left the theater very disappointed .
An ending that is plainly ridiculous and far inferior to the subdued , inevitable ambiguity of the original film .
Cash , a female cyborg , travels to a wasteland doctor to receive news that she is pregnant .
It 's so ridiculous and full of absurd things that it 's impossible to take it seriously .
There 's not much there to begin with .
The lines were horrible to the point that people in the audience were laughing hysterically .
Other than that , not a bad showing .
He even has a father in law who seems younger than him .
The only thing that tops the hideous acting is the directing , storyline and inaccuracies in plot .
This film is notable for three reasons .
After looking past the wonderful animations , what you have remaining is nothing but a big mess .
It 's supposed to condition soldiers for battle and turn them into one cohesive unit .
There is some expected gratuitous female nudity but that 's not enough to save this .
Pleasant enough to pass some spare time if you have not got anything better to view .
I recommend you not spend money on it either .
All of this being said , if you like bad horror movies , you might like this one , too .
It 's obvious that while the stooges are featured stars , they do not really run the show .
I do not think this movie was rated correctly .
A real theatrical audition , whether it be for a play or a musical , rarely takes more than five minutes .
Everybody is entitled to contribute with an idea .
You can watch some cartoon instead .
The rest of the cast would be professional even though given less and less to do .
The plot maybe took a quick thought , hardly any contemplation .
Mostly , we sat there in stunned silence .
It 's an insult to any human being .
There is nothing good in the movie .
It 's going to stay in my collection as fulci 's zombie swan song .
Not sure why this movie seems to have gotten such rave reviews .
She staggers around screaming and turns into a dog and wanders off with another dog .
That said , the movie had almost no plot .
It wears its flaws so honestly that you ca not help but forgive them .
The romance was flat , the sight gags old , the spoken humor just was not .
But those scenes just did not work with the tragedy in the second half .
This is a small staircase and even though they brush up against the flailing undead , nothing happens to them .
Let me mention some of the highlights ...
Considering the cast and the plot , it could have been so much better .
If you value the one precious hour during this movie then do not watch it .
I especially like the old hotel they used to shoot this in , it added to what little suspense was mustered .
Another major strike against this movie .
The film is built on an intriguing premise , rich with potential .
The saddest part was that lame werewolf suit with the functional wang .
It 's too bad because it had some potential .
The acting is understandably not award worthy .
I wanted to care for them , but nothing in the characters tugged on my heart strings .
Actors smoking up a storm to give them character .
Also , jokes were too abundant and rather lame .
A perfect way to waste your time and money .
At least that would have been a new twist .
They have sex ... but it 's all tied into some stupid plot or something .
Redgrave spent the majority of the movie lying in bed .
Not only this , but there are several glaring plot holes and continuity errors
The effects are mediocre as well and seem really dated .
They had a pretty good storyline to go on , but than the messed it up so badly .
You really do not care who or what this one is .
As another commenter said , facilitated learning was proved untrue .
But it is hard to joke at a film that is devoid of any sort of inspiration or joy .
I usually enjoy horror movies , but this piece of film does not deserve to be called horror .
They ca not have paid you that much .
I can not fathom how this movie made it to production .
Small bullets penetrate them , they just do not kill them .
Neither of the above needed to be shown in such a graphic manner .
But then the movie turned into a liberal infomercial .
A small town is attacked by a horde of bloodthirsty vampires .
When she tries to express fear , anger or grief , it 's extremely hollow .
On the subject of the actual film , most of the performances were completely wooden .
I 'm sorry to all the fans , but this is a useless movie .
Or maybe he hated art school and wanted to be an accountant but his family did not let him .
Oh , and it might be my outsider 's opinion , but the guy from montecito sounds a little fake .
I guess that would be funny in two of the three instances .
The psychopath in this movie is curious in that he is annoying .
That would have been more interesting but it did not happen .
His mom is the silliest character of the show .
Blame it on the screen writing and directing .
I 'm not sure the way he was killed would really have worked .
Judging by the behavior of the kids we had with us , it did not score that well with them either .
This is because the movie itself felt so amateurish .
There is just not enough action going on .
The blatant nepotism is the icing on the cake .
It 's just that ... this movie sucks ... big time .
There are many familiar names within the credits here , but no familiar faces .
Maybe avoiding a cliche love triangle .
However , in the end it kind of disappoints and does not live up to the potential it could have had .
You would think that the gore would be good but it sucks bad .
Just do not have high expectations going into this , and it wo not be that bad .
It 's sad and scary that people were expected to pay to see such tripe .
I advise nobody under no circumstances to go to see this film .
They are content with rehashing old and tired horror clichés that they borrowed from a dozen or more films .
It 's a load of perverted trash from a misguided and talentless director .
I questioned the mental competence of every actor and actress that accepted a role .
The film is about nothing intelligible .
In reality , anyone looking for some insight into cannibalism will be sadly disappointed .
Shecky , is a god damned legend , make no mistake .
No crying , no action , hopeless songs .
No wonder this movie never saw the light of day .
Otherwise , its point has been made before and more artfully .
Studios need to realise that maybe they should start looking down instead of looking up .
Whatever her charms may have been back in the day , they are not evident in this film .
Acting was terrible , both for the kids and the adults .
Penn 's tricks with the camera show off a talented eye , yet they are mostly an irritation .
Otherwise , let 's just pretend this film never happened .
I strongly recommend to stay away from this rubbish .
Along with the bad sound , the movie has an atrocious look .
Not only was the movie terribly made , but the people who made it even had some facts wrong .
And this storytelling technique mars any sort of mystery that film could have possibly had .
But , somehow , it comes across quite deranged .
But the dialogue seemed forced and artificial .
This might be amusing if you 're high .
I mean if this was real , surely she would had screamed it out .
The only drama in this film was whether the cat would drop off the roof or not .
Maybe it seemed like a good idea at the time ...
I am a younger teenager and did not enjoy this movie very much .
I just have to add , in case anyone actually reads this and has not completely gotten the point yet .
I expected the film to be a bare bones , low budget , slasher with very few redeeming factors .
Plus it just was not that interesting .
The acting is either average or below average , maybe even lower .
I remember when this was in theaters , reviews said it was horrible .
Bet the studios are still trying figure out how they could screw up up so badly .
And with a feeling of let 's just quickly wrap it up in the end .
Regardless of author , director , studio or even the notoriety of the content .
This movie could have been so much better , especially considering the talent .
If you are looking for a movie to slobber over a beautiful naked body , then this might fill the ticket .
The film can just be shorten to a few sentences .
That dull mystery will linger long after the ludicrous luau finale fades into a bad memory .
This movie joins my very short worst movies of all time list .
Other than that , there is no story , the dialogue is abysmal and at times unintentionally funny
It actually feels as if it takes much less than two hours .
She looks like a burn victim , and she previously went around the neighborhood slaughtering children .
The motivations for the aliens in this movie seem to change at the drop of a hat .
It is a complete mystery why you would even consider watching this lump of garbage .
I remember her desperate face as she pulls money out of her clothes to try to have her child healed .
This movie is so lacking in direction even she struggles to look proficient .
Do not feel bad if you nod off for a moment .
This movie , however , had none of this .
Not a single good line , not even a line bad enough to be good , and no memorable delivery .
A youth gets a bad hair day , goes out on a hill , and falls into where he ca not escape .
I do not see much reason to get into this movie in much detail .
You also need to check and make sure your sources are credible .
Jokes , pratfalls and sight gags are supposed to be naturally funny .
Someone lent the director a couple old cars too .
It does have a few good moments but not enough to keep interest because it is far too long .
She seems to be sleepwalking all movie long .
Dress it up any way you like , this is a dull film , full of unengaging characters doing very little of interest .
It did not stay long in theaters in my big city .
To take revenge she marches across the trailer park and gives oral sex to her daughter 's boyfriend .
It 's silly and the totally flabbergastingly bad dialogs will make you cringe .
Every actor who otherwise is an asset to a movie is simply wasted .
She gets an accident and suffers a memory loss .
Looking nothing like zombies , they look more like high fashion models ready for the runway .
Looking nothing like zombies , they look more like high fashion models ready for the runway .
All in all , a rather haphazard attempt .
Bible verses being spouted by the bad guy .
Or down there , depending on your view .
It would have been a lot nicer if he were to be portrayed by a young lad .
Or , maybe at least some social studies .
Every film student should see this thing just so they will know the very definition of a bad movie .
They let many things without explanation and the end of the movie is predictable .
This was not even a movie that was so bad it was good .
All that and his bald spot just annoyed me .
He 's such a bad actor that he ca not even play himself convincingly .
A bunch of robbers do an emergency parachute from a plane into a enormous field with scarecrows .
But he does not make a good warrior , too pretty i am afraid .
It lists the many errors and intended or unintended falsifications in the documentary .
This movie is not horrible but they could have improved quite a few things .
The people involved should be ashamed .
It is clear that the director have not spent his work on the storyboard .
The acting is abysmal and completely forced .
There is not any universe this film could possibly take place in .
But he 's all like , talking apes , okay .
At his grave a cult have gathered with plans to resurrect him by peeing onto the grave .
I found myself thinking okay , they 're just getting into it , the story will pick up soon .
They said that the ingredients were there but there was no plot .
Naturally , the movie never even attempts to clarify where the killer acquired such a thing .
A story about a man cheating on his wife and their teenage daughter has no place in the movie .
He can sing decent sounding clichéd songs , but that 's about it .
However , the director desperately needs some schooling in the art of pacing .
The doctor has to use animal organs to rebuild him .
The plot is sketchy , and cliché , and dumb , and stupid .
Compared to the garbage they call horror coming out nowadays , this film is not too bad .
Gore fans will be disappointed since , contrary to belief , the blood and guts here are few and far between .
These scenes do not propel the plot forward , they bring what little story there is to a grinding halt .
I really think that this should have been a much better movie .
Okay , they might claim to be nephews , but the end result is the same .
And it did not stay in production very long .
At other points , he seems off on his own little joke .
It was ridiculously stupid in its storyline , and deserves to be mocked for it .
The others acting is bad , but not nearly as bad as hers .
In the first one it was mainly giant rats , but there were some wasps and a giant chicken too .
Also , the movie 's animation is very poor quality .
Bad special effects , if you want to go so far as to call them that .
There was no issue in the plot for it to be a plot .
Quite simply this should not have been made .
She was always an appealing actress .
This is less a movie than a random slide show that goes nowhere .
Please tell me director is getting medication he so desperately needs .
The blood looked a lot like ketchup .
If the film had been written as well as the song , it would have been tolerable .
Stay as far away from this movie as possible .
It 's so bad .. so wrong ..so...crap .
Vikings did not have horns by the way ...
I kept waiting for something funny to happen , but nothing funny appears in this movie .
If there was going to be a twist , you should at least build up to it adding mystery and suspense .
Technically speaking there is not much to criticize .
Bell 's fate at the end , resulting from a dislodged tooth from a sabretooth tiger statue is the pits .
Additionally , some dialogue gets lost under blaring music or sirens .
Oh and it wraps victims up and sews them inside it .
You can fast forward through the slow parts and get some enjoyment out of the action scenes .
A crazy killer stalks students at a college .
Rumor has it that a hard copy of the screenplay actually attracts flies .
I honestly do not know what these film is about because it goes all over the place .
Not even the hot girls that starred in this movie could keep me watching .
The movie actually starts out with some promise .
Then again , maybe he 'd be afraid to if he knew this movie were to result .
Melodrama and sentiment are dominant , and they 're not the honest sort , to say the least .
There was no distinct flavor to the movie .
Technically , the film is all over the place .
Checkout is not entirely worthless .
I mean , you did not give a crap about it but somehow it came to your mind .
Just the name it self is not really connected with the story at all .
This film never transcends its exploitation status , however , because the needed writing just is not there .
Well , oh , okay , of course she has .
Unfortunately all of the life was taken out of the story .
It 's actually a very sad story but this film did nothing for me .
The martial arts scenes are brief and unimaginative .
In other words , the whole thing is really stupid .
The social commentary behind the film is also laughable , juvenile and stupid .
Two juice promoters , who go to schools promoting the product , telling kids to stay off drugs , and more juice .
Well , he did not , they were just sitting and waiting for something to happen .
The sad truth is that this movie is really absurd and inept .
High is soon to hold it 's annual prom night .
Not only is the series devoid of intellect and passion , it 's devoid of a soul .
The script is so banal , and frankly an insult to whomevers life it is based upon .
I know that books ca not be put on screen literally , but this did not even have ties to the book .
It seemed as if the film was made without any budget at all .
If this movie as meant to discourage people from doing drugs , it fails .
Whatever redeeming features this movie has , it all gets buried under incompetence .
The word limit prevents me from continuing the list .
This movie was so badly written , directed and acted that it beggars belief .
Tacones lejanos is more of a disappointment trip than a stylish high riser .
The script has serious inaccuracies and fantasies , while the duration is very long .
But otherwise one and half hour is just too long time .
There simply is no meaning to this film .
What a shame it 's attached to this film .
It seems they 've gone back to what did not work for them and it shows that they do not care either .
Total failure especially because you can see it could have been something .
Cheesy storyline , which by the way , is completely different than the original .
Rest of the cast was below expectation .
As a whole , this movie is confusing .
This would be a good family move to watch with your children .
There are movies that are so bad they 're good .
Scrappy was the stupid brave puppy that always looked ready to beat someone up .
It s clear that the writers are running out of ideas and that is really too bad .
First , this movie made me wonder why kids do stupid things like wander around in labs and break bottles .
This film fails to capture any of the mystery and intrigue that the book offers .
Every once in a while , someone out of the blue looks at me a little sideways and asks
They always did the right thing and had a sort of earnest naiveté about them that was quite appealing .
With her on the cast it could not be so bad .
The women have each their own way of living , even if they are all single .
But at the same time it is a painful giveaway that there is something terribly wrong with this story .
The movie should have ended about fifteen minutes sooner than it did .
I like horror movies , but unfortunately this fell out of the one pound bargain bin into my friends hand .
But then the story line started becoming more and more unrealistic .
The camera , framing , cinematography and edition are amateurish and of very low quality .
It should be remade with a better script , director and casting service .
I am probably one of the few viewers who would not recommend this film .
The story makes zero sense and the dialogue is so trite it 's nauseating .
That 's usually the sign of a real stinker .
The mood is claustrophobic , with tediously long takes , a handful of cheap sets and few costume changes .
They added ridiculous things into it that never happened in the book and would never happen .
If you like movies , avoid this like the plague .
Her mother said he was an old rooster and thinks this is his last attempt to recapture his youth .
They do not bleed , they know no pain .
The characters were stock pieces of cut out cardboard .
Their aim is to use counterfeit money at the gambling tables and win a fortune .
It was staggeringly , overwhelmingly , bad .
The end of the play leaves a bare stage in total darkness .
The story was standard , but the portrayal of the story was terrible .
This is a real lame movie that tries too hard to incorporate too many things at once .
There is some decent acting talent involved here .
They must have spend all the money on catering .
It is not , not under any form of narcotic or brain damage .
But overall , the film is too quick , cheap and silly to be taken seriously .
I can understand an actor 's desire to stretch , to avoid the romantic stereotype .
The only redeeming quality of the film was the soundtrack .
But the main problem is that it ca not decide what it wants to be .
I first wanted to switch off after ten minutes , but felt that it would be unfair .
I do not give allowances , however , for stick figure acting and a swiss cheese lover 's script .
I am not one to usually review a movie , but this one is personal .
The film was pretty and the scenes reasonable , but the ideas were very bad .
But even before it closes there is not much to do , so basically everything revolves around sex .
I was waiting for a tiger named baby to make an appearance .
It was a pretty dull picture with the first hour being really hard to sit through .
They made me watch this in school and it was terrible .
The other actors just suck , mostly .
I find it hard to believe that anyone would distribute this horrible film .
Beaton is pretty appealing in the role .
This is the newest vampire genre , with bad blood , fake screams , and cheesy over acting .
Yet somehow the interesting plot lines wound up unexplained or ignored , like they never happened .
The cinematography is lame , and the sets are sometimes just facades .
There just stupid things that happen at random .
But what looked exciting and creative there looks just dumb here .
It s quite long and in places dull .
I have already more or less said the dialogue was tired and full of philosophical platitudes .
Do not bother trying to watch this terrible mini series .
It was as if the director just wanted to get it over and done with and go home .
He brings out nothing but flat performances from all involved .
I did not even watch the whole thing .
I like movies about morally corrupt characters , but this was too much .
Buried in all this strange material there is a kernel of truth .
So i had low expectations for this movie to start with , but it failed to meet even those .
One of the first things i noticed were the ridiculous accents .
The plot is also pretty uninteresting as a whole .
Oprah can not resist commenting on the answer to every question she asks .
I 'm not really sure what rules the ghosts and the psycho with the seed cap are playing by .
Zane tries to kill someone , he feels bad ... but he does not look like to .
I got into a discussion with a friend regarding the basic concept and meaning of the film .
The film turned out to be a major crowd pleaser , and a major letdown .
I ca not believe that someone actually paid however many millions of pounds to put this film on screen .
Kurupt should be ashamed of himself .
Both women are far , far too young for the roles they 're playing , and far too glamorous .
This is possibly the most boring movie in history .
Movies so bad , they should never have been made .
It really is surprising that something so completely terrible could be made .
There is not enough character development to explain why .
This movie was the beatliest mormon movie made yet .
Some people only think this show is bad because of that .
To make matters worse , the women who live together , are receiving menacing phone calls .
On top of that , he chose to write a script based on some sort of bad acid trip gone serriously wrong .
If the director had stuck with the facts and continued on with them , this film would have been good .
From a woman 's point of view , the movie is a let down .
Plus , the promised rock and roll just did not move me .
What a bomb to go out with after such a distinguished career .
Of course there 's also the editing by random numbers nonsense .
Not this attractive and slim actress .
But this one befuddled me to no end .
I said even the ones that were in this one were barely in it .
The performances are routine , the direction flat , and even the set dressing perfunctory .
Albert to do him the favor of taking his dog to a relative so someone will care for it in the future .
Because his movies are going from painfully humorless to excruciatingly bad .
The elderly couple are appropriately afraid , but stay in the vehicle in order to move the plot along .
Do not they get a copy of the script first .
I watched this movie , and hoped for something to get better the entire time .
You be the judge if that sounds appealing .
The complete and utter lack of respect for the teacher .
He does a trial injection on a monkey , which quickly dies .
Independent does not mean that the camera work needs to be horrible .
This is pretentious blige of the first order ... not even entertaining pretentious bilge .
This film is proof that no matter how many big names you have .
It was not the worst episode but it was not that great .
But he really does not do anything too interesting or exciting .
Not only that , but she did not even take back the money he stole from her .
No surprises here , just same old same old .
This show is sappy , badly written , and rarely funny .
If you want good acting and character development then be advised to look elsewhere .
I could write a whole list of factual errors , but it would go on for pages .
The last line in the movie really sums up how stupid it is .
There are plenty of scenes with nudity and sex , but they are clearly jumped into too fast .
Second , why are all these filmmakers squandering mountains of cash on this crap .
Andie 's character throws the caramel chocolates out in the street , in a pathetic attempt to symbolize growth .
The movie is just destroyed in the third act .
Somebody got murdered or maybe they did not and maybe somebody did it or maybe they did not .
The villains look too ugly , though their performance was not bad .
I mean , there 's movies that can be funny to watch , so bad they 're good , kind of thing .
I mean he goes under the guy 's bed without making any sound , not seen by anyone .
Whoever made this nonsense completely missed the point .
It 's really unmemorable and as completely average and boring as possible .
Because as a viewer , you really do not want her to have had plastic surgery .
There were a few seconds of science fiction late in the show .
I did not even get all the way through this movie , had to turn it off .
Alas , it 's better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak and remove all doubt .
The only adjective that comes to mind is pathetic .
Pere is an idiot , but he is aware about it and acts in consequence .
Meanwhile , the other characters are just part of the story .
It would seem someone does not want the film completed .
It is extremely ugly and distracting .
An enormous burden of proof is required each step of the way .
What story there is is very flimsy and you pretty much have to guess at it .
I ca not believe how unoriginal this dialogue is .
It 's unbelievable that anyone could praise filth and garbage like this .
The musical score was not bad , too .
One potential villain is disposed of unceremoniously before he gets to do much .
It is the direction and the story that is lacking .
A forgettable film not worthy of further commentary .
Quick , name something else one of the leads has been in other than this .
The reason for the killings are not made clear .
The reason for the killings are not made clear .
I love crap horror movies , but this was too much .
Way better than death tunnel , but still quite sloppy .
This film , although not totally bad , should have been filmed where the actual events took place .
It may have been his name above the title that convinced me to go with this instead of whatever else was on .
The body count is extremely low here with only three death 's .
Down here , that obnoxious character is everywhere , in some form or another .
It was interesting at start but it did not convince me as a whole .
Some movies just should not be made .
The characters drone on and on with the most monotonous conversations imaginable .
They 're just in it to pick up a paycheck and do not seem very intent on giving it their all .
What we have here are three stories .
The colored rangers costumes look like stuff you would work out in and the dinosaurs look like plastic nonsense .
It is all the way low quality , but at the end it falls below ... everything .
I also like that big talon that the funny man wears .
Yes , this was pure unbelievable condescending babble .
There were not really enough musical numbers to call it a musical .
The film tries to be a cross between
The movie was so lightweight that even the stereotypes were awfully portrayed .
Admittedly it comes off so distasteful partly because of the actress .
We walked out feeling so insulted , we wanted our money back , but the time could never be regained .
I am a guy , who loves guy movies ...
Then you have to deal with the fact that this movie is actually quite awful .
Well , we learn that it was all a joke , but not before our heroine kills a lady in a parking garage .
There was some neat imagery , unfortunately it was thrown up on the screen without rhyme or reason .
I agree with the last reviewer that this movie had terrible acting .
I was extremely tolerant , and sat through the entire film .
The theater should 've had a warning of some kind .
The state would be doing their families and insurance companies a favor .
Not to my surprise , the film was dire .
Also lacking are sufficient buckets of blood .
And finally last but not least the acting is appalling .
It 's just a small theater , but there 's usually a decent amount of people there .
As a consumer , do not spend your money on this film .
Nothing substantially innovative here , but it 's okay .
Penguin does something obvious again .
The editing is glacial and the pacing stalls .
Secondly , they insult the airline industry and say to the audience that all planes do is ...
With real actors , perhaps the world of the film would not have felt so lifeless .
The only even remotely redeeming quality about this movie is the very awkward profanity .
I do not have much to say about this movie .
The poor man 's box office poison .... really that is not being fair to the economically disenfranchised .
A movie where you fight with giant robots , two men enter the arena and whoever comes out their country wins .
This sequel is not nearly as fun as part one , and it instead spends too much time on plot development .
It was not offensive but everything was provocative and disgusting .
I do not care for the stuff that replaced tap dancing on screen .
I sensed that his wife was also unable to absorb every word due to the shocking nature of the news .
You are so much better of an actor , to be even associated with this level of movie making .
At least some good came out of this chaotic mess .
The only okay thing was the theme song .
To call it campy would be a huge understatement .
And the acting , while not awful , is amaturish at best .
The slave chose to kill himself instead .
Dewanna is an ordinary movie that goes through the motions .
These distorted images are accompanied by music and there is absolutely no dialog or plot of any sort .
In fact , he just seemed to prattle pointlessly .
This new show , based on an insurance companies commercials , is not funny and really has nothing going for it .
Then he gets into a gunfight with the bad guy , who is dressed like a monk .
The camera shake did not make me feel sick , that cold hearted stunt did .
The plot was nonexistent and the acting was horrendous .
The acting by the two leading men was terrible , especially the white guy .
It is an embarrassment and should remain forgotten .
The interplay between the characters is a moral disaster .
As said before , gore was this film 's only drawing point , which much of the time was hard to make out .
The narration sounded like he just narrated over the film all in one shot , and he did not practice at all .
It just drags too much , going on and on about deceptions .
The movie does not even show bad times .
Can anyone imagine the entire cast sitting around as the director and writers go over the storyboard .
The last but not least mistake that movie made is a completely irrelevant title .
I 'm so glad i did not have to pay money to see this horrible movie .
They are all just perfunctory scenes sort of strung together .
I think what turned me off almost right off the bat was the inane dialog .
It has the usual isolated place , the cocky campers , heading off to the wilderness .
There is copious amounts of nudity and violence , not to mention violence against nude people .
If you want to make a movie but it 's turning out crap , throw in some gratuitous nudity .
Costumes are outrageous and the script is lacking intelligence .
All in all , this is an okay movie .
Some talking head on the spirituality of quantum physics .
Cooper was not at his best , either , sounding too wooden .
But alas , it is not enough to rescue the film from it 's baseless and flat nothingness .
The only decent thing about it is the jungle setting which at least looks authentic .
There is no comedy , no action , no thrills , no suspense , nothing .
One day they are here diffusing a bomb .
However guys there is a lot of skin so it may be okay to watch with no sound , but even that can get annoying
It 's called posing , something real actors avoid like the plague .
Thousands of blank ammunition rounds must have been used to make this film , not to mention pounds of explosives .
But just make them appealing in some aspect .
And why did the protagonist throw the wise old sage character to the ground when he was never in danger .
One might think that the three siblings are stuck somewhere on a remote island .
One might think that the three siblings are stuck somewhere on a remote island .
You wo not be missing anything of interest .
In probably the worst special effect sequence of the film , the ship spews some kind of red ink on them .
Sadly enough , the color quality was similar .
Worse yet , the thread of the entire movie was sex in one form or another , by implication or verbally .
Sorry folks , but this is about as bad as film making gets .
I really wanted to like this film , but the story is ridicules .
I could then go to the first year drama group and they would act it out better than the jokers in this film .
It adds an evil and lazy neighbor who wants to marry the children 's mother for her money .
A terrible movie as everyone has said .
A large part of the scenes should be cut off .
This when it tries to twist back onto itself in a clever manner , but sadly it falls along way .
As it is he just comes off as an unpleasant hateful character , not tragic , just hateful .
The film is just too choppy to work .
I had the feeling of watching a movie which was made a bunch of amateurs .
Sorry , that 's going a little far .
Boll just thought to throw it in to upset animal lovers ..
The most telling example of this is the final interview he was with the religious school principal .
A mother catches her daughter and her husband in bed .
He becomes angry when this happens .
As a result , it was neither event nor art .
From here on in it does not get much better .
In fact , any discussion of plot pertaining to this film is senseless and demeaning .
I have no idea how this movie became so popular .
As it is they both do their best with the lousy material .
No one is given a proper back story , so we do not ever know why the characters act the way they do .
However , it is merely cant and propaganda when these examples are isolated from their context .
Elite esthetes still scrape to find value in its boring pseudo revolutionary political spewings ..
Yeah , them sex offenders , they live next door and you 're gon na get raped , really .
The film , however , was a major letdown .
This should not be an adult show with swearing , nudity , and gratuitous violence .
Plain and simply a cancer on the world of cinema .
The gun either shoots blue flames or bullets , make up your mind .
Any child abused will make an adult react to save them .
In fact , i 'm left stunned at how deranged it is .
I doubt this will ever even be a cult film .
The hospital gets surrounded by military who are prepared to destroy everything if need be .
It 's cineplex trash of a sad order .
Its depressing that people actually put effort into this movie .
I will sum it up quickly , in one word ... pathetic .
Of course , nothing makes much sense , either .
I guess we were supposed to not notice it ... we did .
Bo 's body can only get you so far .
Apparently , the three main female characters of the novel are not enough to carry the movie .
Not one good thing to say about this crap movie .
A death at a college campus appears to be a suicide but is actually a cover for murder .
And what crappy movie would be complete without the hero becoming richer because of an experience .
I guess an unrealized moral of this movie is that you can find anything in the ghetto and anything can happen .
The directing did not bring anything new or interesting .
Then again , the original version was not any good , either .
The acting of real heroes is portrayed very badly .
They should have let it remain that way .
The wedding was completely unconvincing and a dumb finish .
This film 's pacing had me shaking my head .
Penguin just wants to steal everything .
Sorry , but for me , it just did not make me feel special .
The whole movie it feels like you 're watching a guy trying to hard to impress beyond his abilities .
Pity can not do a whole movie plot , disgust either .
Interesting stuff but there 's better .
A complete absence of any sort of humanity seems to suit some people but here it just grates .
There 's little else to be said really .
The films failure at the box office , should you keep away .
Instead of going to see this film , do something useful .
Anyway , avoid this movie like the plague .
The direction seemed to be of realism .
I guess it was supposed to be walking tactically or something .
I am tempted to learn witchcraft in order to make it disappear .
The story itself is not that great to begin with , but it could have worked had the script been decent .
Too trite an ending to make the movie worth while for me .
Even the basic premise of the movie makes no sense .
Bad to the point where it is funny .
The reason for the amusement is that in this movie the police shoot first and ask questions later .
This movie is insatiably bad and silly .
See this only for studies of how bad can be a movie ................
It 's a pitiful shame this was his last film before he died .
Whatever you do , do not waste your time and money on this movie today or tomorrow .
There 's really no way to beat around the bush in saying this ,
This movies simply has no good scares to offer .
The fight scenes are obviously fake .
Do yourself a favor and burn this movie if you have it .
I am sure when this was an idea , it sounded good .
The other actors on screen could barely deliver their lines .
The episode is slow , inconsistent and way too talky .
A true lack of character development is evident about halfway in .
The value of this film is only collection and no artistic .
Sometimes maybe actors should choose their director instead of the other way round .
Watching paint dry would have been more entertaining .
I said , do not get your hopes up for an intelligent screenplay .
To say nothing of the trivialising of terminal illness .
The greatest sin in life is being dull , and this movie is crashingly boring .
They should have left on a good note .
There is no plot , no tension , no characters , and not a lot of acting .
But what comes after is mostly unnecessary .
Hey , there is this creepy prison uphill , lets shoot there .
The acting was dry and without credible portrayals .
They were engaging and did the trick .
Just do not go watch this use your money more wisely .
It not only does not match the hype created but also insults the original blockbuster .
As mentioned before the innate dumbness and sheer stupidity of some characters is ridiculous .
And all the songs and music of the movie are all bad .
However , as the night goes on , there 's somebody among them killing them off one by one .
To say that the special effects were bad would be a disservice to the field of special effects .
Everything 's muted and soft focus and earth tones ... nothing 's very interesting .
It is therefore something of an achievement that the writing team on this project actually made it worse .
The story just does not work that way .
Putrid , puerile , definitely avoidable , at all costs .
A noble effort , ultimately done in by lack of narrative cohesion .
I say it was bad because there is some reason .
The characters do not act in any plausible way whatsoever .
It does not try to be funny and it actually tries to be scary .
Also , for a comedy this is painfully dry .
Infinitely better in pieces action comedy is a real mess as a whole .
It 's clichéd the whole way , not very funny , predictable , and illogical .
The problem with the movie is that when there 's no monster action going on , it really sucks and goes nowhere .
This movie may seem scary on commercials , but the actual movie was a reason to vomit .
The main plot of the story is revealed to the journalist by the old woman .
The stories bear no resemblance to the original idea of the series .
The stories bear no resemblance to the original idea of the series .
But it kept getting repeated to the point of annoying .
Never has the concept been treated in such a manner .
However , bad scripts seldom make sense at all .
They also had some dialogue that was absolute nonsense .
There 's some nudity for its own sake .
Half of the time , it seems like the camera ca not even stay steady when it 's suppose to be .
What the crap was this thing , since
This movie insulted my intelligence .
The lack of a coherent plot did not help matters .
The final scene appears to be thrown in to justify the use of a sledge hammer to tack a point in .
Instead , the women prison escapees in this flick , had no sense of loyalty to one another .
His science is bad , and so is this video .
One can not recapture , only recreate .
It is nothing more than a psychological drama taken to an extreme beyond the audience 's ability to connect .
This movie has about as much entertainment value as getting a root canal .
We will skip the plot in this review , because there are far too many holes to be covered at once .
I was apologizing to my boyfriend the entire movie .
Sending people to the location of secret spores makes them no longer a secret .
There is no rhyme or reason for these execrable vignettes , and no discernible story lines .
The film left me in utter confusion about the aims of the two sides in this struggle .
This film is a total off target wreck .
I was also really disappointed with the ending .
The plot is stupid and has been done many times before , only much , much better .
The writers and producers of this little outing have plummeted new depths of depravity .
I feel sorry for this preacher 's flock .
Compared to either of these the movie is almost unwatchable .
Necromancy has major flaws and is just out and out bad .
The actors are attractive , and reasonably talented .
But it not only fails to deliver , it brings up nauseous self righteous preaching at the same time .
Then not only the mentioned aspects annoyed me .
I guess it was because of budget that she may have been the only one they could get for that price .
She made her move into low budget mainstream films and could not act .
However it was his usual mix of art sex and pretentious crap .
There are too many gaps in it , and as said before , it drags itself to the dubious end .
Those films were structured enough to permit an occasional joke but nothing so prolonged .
For the first five minutes , or so , it seems that those expectations might be met and then .
And that 's the audience this serial is designed for .
And the special effects are silly enough to do more damage to that tension .
But as an attractive man who gets and has sex with any woman , it is scary .
Jessica , who has grown even more whiny , mousy and annoying keeps asking the caller
I think that the shots and lighting were very poor .
They happened far more infrequently than the hype would lead you believe .
Even if it were remotely funny , this mouldy waxwork of a film would still be soberingly disrespectful .
The direction is terrible and there is little to now continuity .
But on it 's own it moves slowly but does have ample nudity to keep you awake barely .
The film has nothing to offer and is random hatred and aggression dressed up as pretentious art .
I just envy the people who was paid to play in or work on this movie .
But aside from gratuitous violence there was not really much of a point to this movie .
It does not end , it just goes to a grinding halt .
I normally like or can at least find a redeeming factor in a movie , but this one is an exception .
Nothing works better than a white good guy fighting a black bad guy it would seem .
Otherwise , you 're better off settling on chewing aluminum foil .
All the slasher did was either stab his victims in the stomach multiple times or cut their throats .
Excessive gore , the only thing somebody worked on .
He gave us a coherent , extremely engaging and intellectually deep story .
It would help if they talked faster , but not much .
The flashbacks are pretty much useless .
Unfortunately , it did not make the goal .
Even more so it has no cinematic quality whatsoever .
By the end of the movie , you are left wondering why did they bother in the first place .
The bikers are a motley group , and known of them ever acted again or at least should not have .
If you insist on seeing an idiotic film , as least spare your children the pain and suffering .
Part of the reason is the inconsistent way in which her character is portrayed .
The so called script is just this side of incompetent .
This movie is so cheap , they ca not even show a car getting a little scratched up .
Just watched this after hearing about how bad it was and wanted to see for myself .
None of this excuses him this present , almost diabolical failure .
This is absolutely not a girls film .
A teenager who seems to have it all commits suicide .
There are , of course , some redeeming and genuinely funny moments , but they are few and far between .
I 've seen better effects in a grade school play .
However , there 's simply not quite enough of them .
I was very disappointed by this film for a few reasons .
This movie did not only lack emotion , it lacked substance , a good script , developed characters , and a plot .
We only stayed til the end because we 'd paid for it , but as soon as the credits hit , we were out the door .
Narrator sounded very amateurish like a random person out of junior high was talking .
These people should be drug out and beat with blunt objects .
Thirdly , and most importantly , this movie seemed to ha ve an intriguing concept .
But this movie does not go in this direction .
I doubt it , but maybe he should have .
It 's terrible , truly truly terrible .
The two smolder with their infidelity but manage to connect to each other in the end .
The problem with this movie was the ending .
Make the encroaching cop a little disturbing , why not .
While they are wearing their gold watches , the ' donation ' box is mandatory .
If he had meant it to be humorous he would have put a joke in it .
I 've never seen such a dull movie in my life .
And the ending is rather dull and uneventful .
Kinjite however is an utterly dull thriller which is punctuated by mean spirited racism and child molestation .
In any given episode , little or nothing happens .
Calling it a film is a travesty and insult .
Those are the factors that create extremism .
This movie could not decide what it wanted to be .
The plot is confusing , as is the sequel continuity .
Their motivations , personalities , and dialogue are often simply incoherent .
They tried to make these movies into parodies though they failed at every level .
Random lesbian scenes , very little fighting , and no plot .
Let 's just say , it belongs in the its so bad , it s funny category .
Not even stellar performances from the actors themselves could have saved this disaster .
Most of all what sinks this film is nothing really happens .
Alas , that 's on a stage , in a theatre .
This one is simply stupid and not very funny at all .
It starts out interesting , but looses its way a few minutes into the movie .
But at least it s not as bad as titanic , that movie sucks balls , this one just sucks .
I could not sit through the whole thing .
I like stupid comedies but this one did not offer many laughs .
The box read like the it would be really funny .
This concept might work with a whole new writing team .
Oh yeah , there 's plenty of boobies to be seen , too , for those of you that dig such things .
I decided pretty early on that this just was not my kind of movie .
To bad in between , it constantly drags .
I wo not blow the ending , but let 's just say it 's bad .
I therefor found it strange that she would appear in a film that so distorted that facts .
Then when she engaged in the hardcore partying it was not so boring but still a little dull .
A group of forest rangers and scientists go into the woods to find fossils .
The directer of this movie acts as bad as the movie he made .
Second unit is so bad that attracts attention , since there 's nothing interesting going on on screen anyway .
Pandemonium comes visiting then when the rubber dinos chomp the terrorists , the cops and some marines .
Songs do not stick around in your mind even after watching the movie .
We should have a bullshit advisory , propaganda advisory or a politically correct advisory label on some movies .
Hundreds of bloody zombie hands reach through , gracing their hair and faces as they pass by .
This could have been a good movie it they had purchased an entire script .
But , political issues aside , this episode was beyond poor .
The film , as a whole , is a bit unfocused and the ending , and much of the third act , is really a big mess .
The heroine is actually shaved in the pubic area in order to make her look even younger than she is .
Cute and playful , but lame and cheap .
Performances within the constraints of this bad writing are fine .
Basically this is about a couple who want to adopt a second child .
Oh wait ... here comes a spoiler ...
This premise built much tension and suspension and ended greatly with the climax .
I wanted to like this movie , but was unable to .
After that it was pretty appalling .
Anyway , the film is miserably bogged down with exceedingly poor dialogue .
This movie has no plot and no focus .
It tries to be clever , but its conception of feminism seems hopelessly anachronistic .
Unlike other similar flicks , however , this one was not even awesomely bad ... it was just plain bad .
This movie sucked plain and simple .
I agree with the guys here that the movie lacks what it 's pushing .
The writing , though , was unrealistic .
The movie is an omen , the only thing it 's good for is a time killer or unintentional laughs .
Violet and her father looked far too ridiculous while they were relating throughout the movie .
I mean they have to be one of the slowest creatures on the planet .
It was interesting , but very much felt like an amateur film .
He seemingly has no connection to any of the other characters already in the movie .
Generally it means that they tried and retried to hide the turkey in various markets .
That 's like performing brain surgery on a dinosaur .
I was hoping to see more from him in this film .
Although some prefer the water boarding .
The existence of this film is solely due to the fact that there is no such thing .
Fanaticism can be a powerful thing , especially when inferenced in the minds of the ignorant and uneducated .
The sound effects are also unrealistic and do not make sense .
And you sort of have to be in the mood for one .
This same girl would bite one of the characters .
When they finally take off the effects are truly horrible .
Everything else about this film is extremely amateur .
The biggest problem was the split screen camera work .
But that would have ended the story .
Plus all the things that are supposed to be funny are just dumb .
Were the genders switched , there would be no attempt to empathize with the criminal .
The interactions between the soldiers did not make any sense at all .
First of all the plot is idiotic , it has no sense at all .
I would not recommend paying any money to see this movie however .
However this movie shows weak plot and slow pace .
As for the set up and directing , not so bad .
This movie could 've been one of the better b rated movies .
I thought this movie had absolutely no moral .
Each cartoon has a big fat guy beating up his family and generally acting like a jerk to everyone he knows .
There 's no fade , no dissolve , nothing .
Unfortunately , the previews were the best thing about this movie .
Every single performance in this movie sucks .
That 's a serious problem for a comedy
Generally speaking spies should fade into the woodwork .
It was slow paced , had minimal violence and a poor use of suspense .
No logic whatsoever in cinematic terms .
Mabel basically runs their lives because they are afraid to stand up to her and stand up for her .
Do not even try to mess with our favorite crab .
The musical numbers seem randomly inserted into the meandering plot .
It had all the clichés of movies of this type and no substance .
The more stories you go through the worse it gets .
Every cliché trotted out for us to groan over .
There just was not anyone who wanted to listen .
The weapons they used would not make sense for the scenario .
You decide , if you can manage to sit through this whole thing without throwing something at the set .
Antonioni then gives us a ridiculous sex scene in which hundreds of hippies have sex in the sand .
Busey is not the killer , but he is calling up and harassing the women over the phone .
The sex scenes range from yuck to bizarre ...
He tries to talk some children into being bad , but does not have much luck .
What bothered me the most was the script .
If you 're into watching bad movies for a laugh , then this just may be the movie for you .
Too bad this film was a wasted opportunity .
People start getting killed , either in their dreams , or sucked into hell or something .
The result is an insult rather than a tribute to a female perspective on life .
I felt that the director was acting sort of childish .
Maybe they will hire a comedy writer this time .
There is only enough of a story to have created an excuse for this film to have been made .
Men , beware of this channel that puts men down and women get away even with murder .
The remake is a notch below but not by much .
The lake was ridiculous , looked like an aquarium , and had the same plant in different parts of the lake bed .
The jokes are also completely lame .
Prosthetic body parts and blood aplenty as victims are pounced upon , crying for help and receiving none .
The whole thing is not very clear , even for a supernatural story .
In my opinion it was a waste of an hour of my life .
Other than that , mostly everyone else were a bunch of whiny crybaby losers .
Then there are the just plain ugly ones that all seem to have a lot of facial scars .
Writing the required ten lines is incredibly difficult for such a disgraceful piece of cinema .
I do not recall the character in the book being this depressing .
They 're not too bad , considering the level of quality seen everywhere else in the film .
Another thing , it 's a remake of what is supposed to be a classic .
This film starts off with a wedding as the bride is about to take her vows she suddenly collapses .
There is also a serious lack of explanation .
There was no cinematic quality to it .
The killings are mostly done off screen , the blood flows but never too gory .
Not really to make me laugh out loud , but more to make me giggle and slightly ease the pains in my stomach .
The acting was mostly very bad indeed .
I have no doubt that she is very earnest in her acting and she tries to play her roles with a lot of empathy .
The plot is chaotic and some of the acting and lines are dreadful .
That 's not stubbornness ... that 's just plain dumb .
Mabel slams her door just as someone is coming in .
Somehow , everyone knows him , and every single chick in the movie wants him .
It is just a wretched piece of trash that no horror or exploit fan can recommend in good faith .
It could be made better , but that would mean extra work .
I wo not list them here , but just mention the coloring of the plane .
The ending really sucked , but even that had some enjoyably trashy elements .
These women are nothing more the whores .
Stay far away if you prefer thought in your movies
Not worth your buck , not really worth your time unless you 're drunk and bored .
I thnik when is something going to happen in this film , , , , and the the acting is worse .
This film is so bad , it made me want to vomit .
First off the cast looks about thirty and yet they are suppose to be in high school .
Suddenly there 's a preacher tied up on a couch watching home movies , he gets killed .
But destroying the legacy like that was no less an abomination than killing a baby in the crib .
Apparently neither did the main character for stealing two hours of my life .
Mostly it 's just bad acting , though .
Make me laugh , make me cry , just do not bore me .
I would bet that there was little to no time spent editing this movie .
This is probably one of the worst wan na be a low budget hit films to credit the dinosaur genre .
I do not know if she was thrown by the accent , or what .
The gaps and loose ends in the story line are numerous .
She must either be incredibly stupid or incredibly desperate .
There are some funny , if unrealistic moments .
It 's really insulting how label classical music in this way .
Zombies takes bad acting to a whole other level .
The rear cover has a photo of someone in a graduation cap and gown menacing a group of women in a dorm room .
This is just a gross comedy aimed at teenagers with many bad taste moments .
The movie itself has absolutely nothing to recommend it .
If she had not done this , the entire con would have failed .
There are no characters , just a few stereotypes wandering around and getting killed .
I watched this on the tube last night .
Thorn who likes to just waltz into people 's apartments , peruse around shamelessly and steal anything he wants .
The script must have been written on the back of a cigarette carton .
I felt that it was funny but too bizarre to be a comedy .
She 's only just a living head left now , but the stupid body snatchers only provide male cadavers .
It s clear that he was a director for hire and did not instill the project with the passion that it deserved .
This film seemed to be designed to personally make me angry .
Somehow , the film screws up that interesting idea as well .
Bad jokes and lame double entendres fly like there was no tomorrow .
We should have been suspicious to discover that with only two minutes to lights out we were the only ones there .
The coffee slogan is a lousy thing to hang the plot upon , and the ending is thoroughly predictable .
Quite the contrary , the fake talking puppies are cornier than actually seeing the dogs play sports .
Overall there 's nothing much really to recommend here .
I really was particularly annoyed by these two scenes .
One wonders whether the screenwriters had actually read the book .
Perhaps she was baffled by the material .
This movie had the potential to be a decent horror movie .
He 's a rotten director inspite what of people think .
Add the fact that the cinematography and sound quality are comparable to your neighbor 's bad home movies .
The script contains dialogue that would be laughed out of a third grade play recital .
Id really like to know what the budget is , guess it must have been low as the film quality is really poor .
They did not have much of a budget and they spent it all on fake blood and guts ...
Listening to her give all that annoying dialog , made me want to throw my head up against the wall .
The movie seems to be suffering of a lack of funds .
I had no idea what was going on , let alone what it was about .
We really know nothing about the characters .
Pia is utterly and absolutely miscast in this dumb role .
First of all , the acting made this short not scary at all , the woman seemed to have orgasms , not suffering .
So far the quality is far too inconsistent to predict either way .
This movie did not convince me of a woman 's physical ability to perform the types of tasks required .
That 's why they ca not have punching , because mommy and daddy do not believe in that type of violence .
The plot , what little there is of one , is very predictable .
Definitely one of the worst movies ever made .
We should have gotten to that point sooner .
To sum it up , words really can not describe just how bad this movie is .
For some reason , this one just does not hold your attention .
I could go on and on on how this is a bad movie .
Thrilling , sexy trash , but trash nonetheless .
But if you 're seeing this movie for anything other than martial arts , you 're missing the boat entirely .
There is nothing good about this movie .
I argued with myself whether to rent this or not .
In effect , you have a villain with the most absurdly stupid motivation imaginable .
Bobby is a goofy kid who smiles far too much and wants sex .
It 's child abuse to let parents that worthless raise kids .
There is no sense of catharsis or any kind of positive message from it .
The film is just bad for so many reasons .
Having only three padded segments made for a boring feast .
Although the character is scripted to be someone who should be pitied , he is not .
Zomerhitte starts strong enough , but even that one good scene ends up having nothing to do with the storyline .
The plot moved fairly fast , and the twists were bad and had horrible timing .
Sadly , it 's already too late for me .
They are kind of a bump in the already sluggish flow .
They did some escort work , chased a submarine that turned out to be a hulk that they rammed .
Every cheesy editing effect is shamelessly used over and over again to a sickening point .
None of the characters have any depth , but then they are not the focal point .
There was no explanation at all about any of the key points in the plot .
This is an example of her jouissance .
Most of the things are left unexplained with nothing to link it to anything .
Until then , there is nothing emanating that shows you are capable of anything more than a failing grade .
No wonder it was never published as a book or released in theaters .
It all seemed worn , flat , and overtly formulaic .
If you recognize yourself in this avoid this movie like the plague .
He could not have done that if the gun had been properly aligned .
But someone somewhere really dropped the ball on this one .
The makers of this worthless movie do not follow it closely .
A movie with gags so bad , that they are not funny at all .
Maybe then the bad acting would not have been as noticeable .
One might assume that there was something behind the scenes going on here , art imitates life .
The fact that this idea could itself to film should be a criminal offense .
It 's a bad movie , but is watchable .
They work only in shock level and that 's not too valuable cinematic achievement .
Back and forth about how boring he is .
While the actors are all personable , the story is so trite and goes nowhere .
There are many worse movies with not few mistakes .
The mockumentary style is ill suited to the subject matter of the film .
It should have simply stayed as a play .
The thing is he really looks too horrible and out of shape to call it getting in touch with his charecter .
And , oh that cute little girl too .
The dentist and his assistant made me feel they deserve to die , you just do not sympathize with them .
A female vampire kills young women and paints with their blood .
After that , he just goes crazy with the money .
Uncreative story lines , but not bad enough to ruin the movie .
Melody , making her happy by turning here into a mermaid .
This was a movie that should have been on a movie network , because nothing about this movie was revolutionary .
The words are just gibberish really .
Bad plinky plonk horror music fails to add atmosphere .
The wolf , if that is what you can call it , is hardly shown fully save his teeth .
The girl was beautiful but the story and the acting were terrible .
Throw in some old film footage of old stars , and the movie becomes even more disconnected .
The script looks like it was written in haste .
However , my main misgivings about the film are that it is implausible and quite frankly boring for a long time .
They 're stupid ... they 're silly ... but they 're still pretty fun in a so bad , it 's good kind of way .
However , just about everything else is on screen .
This was one movie that should not have been made .
And unfortunately it seems to have permeated into children films as well .
And when one odd looking dude is finally killed , apparently all danger is passed .
The camera work was horrid and the writing only contributed to the decay of the film .
They are bundles of walking clichés .
Ever single opportunity for character development is wasted .
Goldberg it must be an alias , and can one blame him for using one if he appears in this stinker .
This just does not employ professional actors .
This just does not employ professional actors .
This just does not employ professional actors .
Just have a look at what he as done so far .
Some of the time lines do not make sense either .
It feels like john did not have much to work with here .
I did not write one thing that was not the truth .
Avoid this like a leprous prostitute .
At one point in the movie the hero and the military guy fight with rakes ... this movie is just utterly stupid .
Bad , boring , pointless and a wholly uncomfortable watch .
Let s talk about the action and effects since that should be the only positive part of the film .
There 's no tension or atmosphere to detect anywhere ... not even an attempt to build up one .
Every cheap cliché thought of is used .
For whatever reason , our killer only goes after females .
This film 's basic premise is a political cartoon .
This film failed on all counts for me .
No twist or turn will make this a more interesting train wreck , or any different from any of the others .
We actually watched this twice in the theater because we could not believe how bad it was the first time .
In a few scenes you can actually see where they tried to stretch the developing process to save the images .
I know many films are done in haste , hoping to cash in on the popularity of a given actor or theme .
The basic plot is very simple but is dragged out to nearly two hours before reaching a pointless conclusion .
It should make people wonder why there 's no studio audience .
Four people are experimented on by a crazed mind control computer .
The sets and the art directors offer some saving grace to the film .
Every person affiliated with this movie should be ashamed .
I had no idea who anyone was , why things were happening , who was who and what was what .
As for the one remaining character , nothing is done with her either .
This is a chica chica boom bomb of a film .
I ca not believe anyone thought there was anything original or interesting about this movie .
Here he had a halfway decent intellect .
It looks like a good movie in the beginning , but when he comes into surgery i could not believe how bad it got .
Show this one to your girlfriend and she will skip the senior prom , turning your life into a deserted ruin .
By trying so hard to offend no one they end up insulting everyone .
This film seems to be a rip off of many movies that have dealt with the same subject in the past .
The dubbing really was not all that bad though .
This is extremely misleading , however , since the movie has practically nothing to do with that at all .
I am sure with another cast and a tighter reign on the directing , this could have been a half decent film .
The girl was just a whiny brat who wanted things her own way .
Unfortunately , it was followed by major incomprehensibility .
One year later he walked out of the jungle ... naked .
It seems he never directed another horror film after this debacle .
The movie is about giant robots kicking the hell out of each other .
The two have no chemistry , making the central love affair totally unbelievable .
Any movie that feels the need to incorporate scenes of a dog peeing to get it 's laughs has problems .
No doubt for the constant pointless erotic scenes that the film was insistent on throwing at us .
Two demented young women seduce and torture a middle aged man .
The word slut comes to mind , hopefully , they will let that pass the review and post the comment .
Which begs the question of why they would do a sequel at all .
She 's tha main attraction here as she 's the only one to give life to her poor lines .
However , the second story in the series was just dreadful , and not in the good way .
The story is a little slow and a little stupid .
They would be sitting ducks after they got the money .
I signed in just to comment on how awfully stupid this movie is .
Transitions and jumps in time simply do not make sense .
Believe me , it is as bad as it possibly can get .
Believe me , it is as bad as it possibly can get .
Here at least the director knows to maintain the continuity in the movie .
Aside from the hero and main villain , the other characters looked authentic .
This movie sucks on so many levels it 's pathetic .
Most of the characters in this film lack anything to hold on to .
They wo not want to sing the songs .
There is nothing funny or clever about this crapfest .
The gore is minimal , and what gore there is , it is very unconvincing , let alone unimaginative .
It looked like the camera was being tossed from camera man to camera man .
Us folks in the boonies are a little less pretentious .
I am upset i did not realize it was not the movie sooner .
From the nepotism capitol of the world comes another junk flick in a fancy wrapper .
Seriously , that one blond chick 's voice had me wincing in pain constantly .
And somehow we manage to draaaaaaaawl at the same time .
The plot had way too many loose ends .
You have too see it for yourself to get at grip of how horrible a movie really can be .
The screenplay , directing and acting were equally bad .
This is a shame because many of the sequences would be considered daring at the time this was filmed .
There is a reason why no one watches the show .
All of the victims are blind and he dismembers them .
The special effects are pretty silly , mostly consisting of skulls on wires and superimposed ghost images .
A squashy slapstick mess posing as a comedy .
I probably will , just for nostalgic reason .
The sad thing is that it 's use in this film is worthless .
As another commentator said , the deepness of this film is just shoved down your throat .
We just have to keep looking for it .
I am an avid fan of violent exploitation cinema , who would never attack a film for being violent or disturbing .
Greenaway 's films pose as clever , erudite and innovative .
I really did not want it to be bad , but it is .
The film , my friends , is not thrilling in the slightest .
Even the extras suck , the bag guy guards and such appear to hold their weapons like water pistols .
There 's just not enough payoff to merit watching it unless you are an obsessive silent fan like myself .
Product placement is way over the top here , and it 's annoying .
The in game music goes from tolerable to wanting to cut your ears off .
The film does not live up to its premise .
Another problem is the overburdening of the script with cliches .
The camera work was not bad but that still could not redeem it .
I do not care if you 're gay , straight , bi , or undecided .
Some of the performances were decent , and many were quite amateurish .
Even the cuts between scenes were terrible .
He should have at least voiced the stupid car .
At the outset this is not a problem .
He looks totally befuddled by the whole experience .
There are no double meanings , just total nonsense .
The reasoning behind each plot turn and new clue is truly ridiculous and impossible to follow .
Poitier had just returned from over a decade 's break in film acting and he is clearly creaky here .
The acting is woeful , and the fight choreography is so shockingly bad and so lame to watch , it makes
It seems evident from this adaptation that he did not .
The acting is horrible , a plot is nonexistent , and production values are poverty level at best .
West are the reasons why to see this , but , that 's it , but their talents are wasted in this junk .
Metamorphosis is not a terrible movie , just not a well produced one .
And keep in mind , this is not a comedy , this is a cheap horror flick , so it 's not suppose to be comical .
I really wanted to like this movie and watched all the way through thinking it had to get better .
Other than the main two leads , everybody is a jerk .
They should be tried for war crimes , if anyone actually remembers this crap long enough to care .
Some word would have gotten to them and the thought of trying to run off would probably have been discussed .
It essentially fails because it is a character based movie about unredeemable characters .
This had the quality of a porno movie .
But putting bad fencing in a movie does not make it bad automatically .
It does have its redeeming moments .
Even if curiosity is motivating you , stick cocktail umbrellas in your eyes instead .
We 're treated to a couple of bizarre stabbings with a pin and some barbecued human flesh .
This created a monotonous plot without the complications of the book .
To say that this is a bizarre movie is an understatement .
There really was no need to make this movie .
Without boundaries , the movie becomes absurd .
The ending really does not make any sense .
They almost kill the two , then oh wait , it was just a field test .
Sabato 's character is supposed to be a discredited doctor who just ca not seem to play by the rules .
First of all , the story has a very stale ' arc ' structure .
With little really to do , it needed a much stronger script than the measly forced one that was penned up .
The plot is boring , the characters are neurotic , needlessly offensive , and highly unlikable .
But do not worry , he 's just there to make up the body count numbers at the end .
I found this film to be an utter dissapointment .
Everybody just seems to be raving about the subject , and not really noticing how the movie was made .
In short this is neither as innocently silly or as intelligently serious as it seems to intend .
The sex scene with the main hoodlum was so out in left field that it make you shake your head in shame .
That is a shame , for this one is a cut above the rest .
This is cheese filmmaking in every respect , but it does have its moments .
Someone should make a movie about how and why they made this movie .
If only we could have had the same privilege .
Everything in this dire adaptation is overacted .
It has a cute and amusing premise , but it all goes to hell from there .
I do not mind low budget movies with bad acting if they know how to work with it .
The practical effects used during the attacks on victims are rather unconvincing ..
The worst she does is run into the mayor 's office and spit on his face .
Oh yes , do not forget jealousy can bring about tainted hearts and murder .
It 's obvious this project was an attempt to make a quick buck rather a good film .
The acting is terrible , it follows exactly the same storyline as all the other ' dancing ' movies out there .
Almost everything about it was terrible .
But his character was just truely pathetic .
The most annoying part of the movie was the violin player .
It quickly becomes sidetracked with just about every imaginable topic relating to cars .
It feels cheap and rather weak in comparison .
Be sure to have your wallet in hand also because you were going to waste the cash anyway .
Unfortunately , science fiction movies probably suffer the most on a small budget for obvious reasons .
This way simply does not work at all .
How could they think up something this bad .
They fail there too adding one or two parts of the film referring to this being reality .
Horribly disjointed dialog , pathetic acting , and totally improbable events .
A vacuous mental masturbation based on inconsistent grounds .
Rock is supposed to be an old white guy .
It literally amazes me that some movies get made , and this is no exception ...
Quite simply , the graphics are amazingly poor .
The production values are not too bad and there is the odd effective scene .
First off , he 'd have to legally be an adult to run a company .
There really was not much of a story in this film .
He was supposed to attack his car with a branch .
Clearly something was missing and unfortunately it was not the audience .
I had problems with the plot and who the main character was .
Even the mutants had some characterization last time out and this time , nothing .
Usually , they involve a roundabout route to murderous intent , interspersed with copious disrobing .
There are a couple of problems here .
It 's a series of short cartoons which attempt to show a disturbing and disgusting sort of humor .
If you want to see some dude in a bad suit just go back and look at old prom photos .
Some films are so bad that they 're good .
The plot turns an ancient art form into a fetishistic pornography .
The songs are fine , though badly synched .
Its pointless to really analyze a straight comedy as the main thing that people want to know if its funny or not .
For one thing , it 's too unbelievable .
I suppose the filmmakers meant to show an exotic woman , and sari was what they decided would make her exotic .
The songs rarely move along the story .
Furthermore , he gets shot in the throat with a bullet .
Next time just give me the money and let me spend it .
The acting is so bad that it 's not even funny .
Really bad movie , the story is too simple and predictable and poor acting as a complement .
Everyone else is better off skipping it .
In other words , much ado about nothing .
We were dismayed at the flat acting , and formulaic storyline .
Clearly low budget producers are getting so desperate they really will give us anything to take our money
They must have been referring to the fact that such a sorry piece of crap was ever released .
I fully realize that the drama offered this season is pretty poor , but they can surely find better writers .
There are already many comments on how this movie is different from the source material .
But a baaaaaad story line , a bad script .
The wolf is too bad to be explained and , despite the poor quality of the suit is shown way , way too many times .
Why such piece of crap is widely distributed is beyond me .
Even an infomercial would be an improvement .
I actually cringed twice at one of them .
Otherwise steer a wide birth away from this one .
We only stayed because we were convinced it would get better .
I like the idea of how they disappeared and stuff , so that almost seemed depressing .
The ending was so stupid and the climax was very rushed and boring .
There is , indeed , a serious problem about a black market in antiquities there .
The movie also appears to have been filmed using cheap video cameras and not actual film .
Not to mention the amateur actors that flood this film .
This by far the worst western on the planet today .
For instance , at least five characters are given elaborate opening scenes and then just disappear .
Dent appears early on in an uncredited role .
James just really ticked me off for more than half the film .
He 's always a pleasure ... even in the worst of his films .
If you are tempted to watch this movie , rip your eyeballs out and flush them down the toilet .
They did not spend any time on character development and it was easy to not care if any character died .
But everything is badly done in this film .
Some parts are just strange ... like forcing a snake down someones throat .
This movie could not have been any lamer .
For starters , get very poor acting .
If any students of movie making wants to learn what not to do this is a real classic trash .
I had hopes that there would be new ideas and influences , but there were none .
Besides a few relatively good moments this movie has nothing new or interesting to offer .
To say that this film goes nowhere would be an understatement .
Apparently much thought and effort went into their making .
By the way , the missile is destroyed if you have not guessed .
They have always been ready to destroy cities by huge plastic monsters coming from outer space and elsewhere .
It was highly ridiculous , where for instance every sexy situation must turn into ugly disgusting one .
The show was so bad it was impossible to watch .
The voices were often distorted for no reason .
The various nudity scenes that other reviewers referred to are poorly done and a body double was obviously used .
There is not a single , solitary moment in this film that seems original or unforced .
It is self sacrificing and not something that should be on merritt .
I neither understood or cared what the characters were doing .
But his role is actually quite laughable within the movie .
There were no redeeming qualities to this movie at all .
The beginning grabs you , but then this movie just runs out of gas .
I could not even sit through the whole movie .
Alas , this dud is a case study in what not to do in a screenplay .
You could barely see anything and when the characters were talking , you could barely hear what they were saying .
Maybe next time somebody else can do better thing out of this title .
People say it 's proof that a decent , honest man can succeed despite lack of intelligence .
The scares were cheap , and foreshadowed terribly .
She is heavy here and heaviness seemed to make her acting even better .
After watching the preview with my girlfriend , she decided not to watch it from how bad the preview watched .
The story is poor , with the whole film based on the army and the marines trying to kill the dinosaurs .
To label this a comedy is an insult to mankind .
The story lines are both poorly written and executed and the jokes are really bad ...
There is not a plot to be found in this flick .
The should have gotten someone to do sound effects for the martial arts scenes .
I went through half the movie thinking that this was a spoof of the original .
Then , there 's his failed marriage .
The director 's ego is the largest character in this film .
The plot was very thin , although the idea of naked , sexy , man eating sirens is a good one .
And besides all this , where are the ' cops ' and why does not someone call them .
There is a word for this sort of film , and that word is drivel .
Also disappointing is the science fiction angle which almost aggressively resists any good idea it has .
A group of three young women on a car trip crash their car into a tree .
It has not covered significant effects of science on our culture .
But it never does improve , at least not enough to be worthwhile .
Not that being a father and a murderer is impossible .
The bad news is the fox resurrects and becomes a ghost .
And do not even get me started on the plot .
If you get the urge to see this absolutely awful film , hear my plea .
They might better be done on a bare stage and left that way .
Give this one a pass unless you do drugs and are into high camp .
Here a man moves into a house owned by his last wife that died mysteriously with his new wife .
Actually , the film 's not even that interesting .
Unfortunately , it could not set progressive fire in the audience .
More importantly is the faithfulness to the storyline , not to mention the stilted acting .
It lived up to it 's mediocre trailer run , though that 's saying nothing at all .
It 's nothing original and not very special .
Fights , murder , a cowardly cop , a goofy mechanic , etc .
Puertoricans that want independence are a bunch of fools .
The scene where he gets shot at the door is beyond laughable and beyond cheesy .
Very , very slow build up to the basic storyline .
I would find it very bad whichever the budget .
The final scene that could have redeemed some value of the movie ... failed .
After much discussion , we all agreed that this was not one of their better efforts .
Normally one ignores this kind of rubbish , but it was so stupid that one can but despair .
I could not think of the sheer horrible attention that this film was getting was possible .
I do not understand why it has become such a ' cult classic ' when it is so tediously dull .
I just ca not understand what person could not out run a bunch of slugs .
I wo not even go into the script the actors are given to work with .
If not it does not bear thinking about .
The film is watchable in that it s not an abomination , but its throwaway fluff .
Disney has yet to meet a movie it could not make at least two sequels about .
With only a few updates , it seemed suspicious .
The acting ... there was no acting .
His clout allowed him to hire the very best .
Too bad this movie has no other merits .
Ah nuts , it was just a truly lousy movie .
Furthermore , they 're more feminine than masculine in their sinuous movements and serpentine approach to goals .
I 'm extremely disappointed that this movie was not taken seriously .
The movie was not that terrible ... initially .
Hell , it 's just her and her hired gun at the end against an entire town .
Dispute that the movie starts interesting .
It is totally bases on sex without much romance with much un needed nudity .
I 'm not saying there are not generous , loving people who would do that .
The cgi effects were painfully obvious and of quality similar to an inexpensive video game .
They torture it and blow a bunch of aliens to peaces .
I guess that after that he goes out and eats human flesh in order to slow down the melting process .
Pretty much the whole film is one big long depressing ordeal .
It could have been cut to five minutes without missing anything because the sketches went on too long .
This may have been made for the hell of it , but it was most probably the worst film i 've seen in years ,
But apart from that it 's complete crap .
In a nutshell , no one is convincing enough to play their roles here .
The script is way too talky and not enough gore or action to even call it slow paced .
First of all , the animation is very poor .
I bet this clever officer will find some cunning way to save what left of his troops .
They keep changing the script to suite the person they 're pitching .
Roseanne left me feeling cheated after being such a loyal fan .
It 's like she knows nothing about acting .
It looks like this film had been written in a big hurry .
Anyone who has seen it should take a shower and wash the stink of horrible movie off of them .
Perhaps the movie becomes comedy gold after that .
Usually he writes an overblown script full of every tag line he can come up with .
The characters were cartoons , each playing their stereotypical cog in the plot mostly random , meandering plot .
He was a giant in the business for at least a decade .
It is too long and the young will get bored .
The limited dialogue was not a problem .
Pretty much anything else that you choose to look at will be better .
Only the devil himself could have imagined such a wicked thing .
There are two ideas in particular that bomb .
But it goes rapidly downhill from there .
And do not even ask about the acting .
To compare this to falling down as other reviewers did is ridiculous .
However , here comes the part that just does not ring true .
This movie look like an amateur one .
It wo not blow you away with artful cinematography or great acting , but it 's not a waste of time , either .
Why so she can do the chainsaw gag of course .
Maybe there 's not much of a story and maybe the characters are not really very interesting .
Ifans so he can take over his failing company .
All the time they were using their gun to point at the suspect only .
Whatever it is , movie or not , it is a piece of crap .
I do not think this is too bad of a show under the right conditions .
People like them say lies like in this mockumentary , and what is worst , some people buy them .
Lee is in it , but that really does not help much .
You get lots of arguing , accusations , yelling and screaming .
The character was played in affected and annoying way .
Most of the film is taken up with hoping something will actually happen , but nothing ever does .
There is a ' bad ' man who is preposterously stupid and dumb .
I nearly fell asleep three times and my review will unfortunately have to be more restrained than this one .
In the movie she 's sullen , passive , expressionless , and dull .
It is so bad it is ridiculous , and so ridiculous that it is often funny .
Much of the blame for this disaster was put on special effects .
Welcome to a bad ghost story and someone 's nightmare .
At one point or another , one would have to laugh at him , because his character was so pitiful .
I have told people about this film and some of the bad acting that is in it and they almost do not believe me .
She ca not do anything right and she 's a failure as a villain .
They shoot helicopters , there is a massive explosion .
I was utterly disappointed by this movie .
Get out your binoculars if you want , but there 's nothing resembling a joke in sight .
Strike , then you will at least have something to do .
It 's after this flimsy set piece that the real story gets going .
The big disappointment was that the beginning opened so much hope , and then the end dashed it .
She 's also totally lacking in anything whatsoever humorous .
This movie is like a very cheap chocolate box with a super cover .
This story had unforgivable moments which can only be described as staggeringly unbelievable .
Unfortunately career has not been kind and mother nature has been right in tow .
Hurt , the main actor , is droll the entire way through , and hardly does any acting until the end .
The hobgoblins randomly go back to where they came from then blow up .
However , they were not given enough time to show their talents .
Before he goes to sleep , he wants sex .
There are several scenes that are way too long and really pointless like the dancing scene .
It 's terrible how some people can get away with such things ...
The movie could have easily been cut down to about an hour and half without losing the plot .
But even better actors would not have rescued the movie .
Just pack it into the christmas boxes , and dispose of quickly .
Eminently forgetable except for the bad , bad performances .
Anyone who has a remote interest in science fiction should start at the basics .
Believe you us , avoid it and you wo not be missing out on anything good .
These scenes merely get in the way and do not particularly add much to the story .
Overall this movie is dreadful , and should have never been made .
The death scenes are horrible , bloodless , stupid .
I 'd hope that they too knew they were just getting paid .
Boring , confusing and tacky all rolled up into one , equals this penniless midnight horror production .
But so many pieces are fall off that there should be nothing left of it by the time it lands .
Somehow , this show has managed to throw in too much sex .
It seems this man has lost any self respect .
For him to appear in a vehicle this poor must have been something he tried to downplay for the rest of his life .
Lordi is a mediocre band at best , and a single gimmick will get you only so far .
But if you do not , just try to see a good movie , there are thousands .
It almost feels like everyone involved in this project did not even try to make an appealing movie .
The plot makes no sense , and the various characters drop in and out of the picture with no explanation at all .
These two aspects put together they make for a disappointing story .
Oh no , that 's too mainstream for this .
This thing looks like a slapped together saturday morning cartoon .
Nor are the introduction screens with the vital stats .
And to title it as a truth is just plain crap .
The movie could not decide if it was a children 's movie or an adult movie and was not much of either .
I am usually disappointed by network movies .
Scrubs is usually much better at subverting tropes , but somehow this got through ....
There are other weird , and poorly imagined , aliens to be seen , but that one takes the cake .
All in all , stay away from this film .
It left a remarkably bad taste in my mouth .
Vinnie the main villain and he could have saved the film .
It succeeded on none of these fronts .
He really must be desperate for money .
God knows how they made enough money to make a sequel .
Do not ' watch this , show it to little kids who loves power rangers .
This looks like it was shot with someone 's camcorder .
But watching this just made me feel sorry for whoever made it .
The motorcycle is the worst part in the game .
Really , truly , abysmally , garishly , awful .
I really could not believe when she agreed to go out with him even more .
This will probably be a lot less painful than watching the film .
It says nothing new or different than the original play .
Powell looks crashingly bored and ca not summon up any kind of emotion at all .
Lo are on a mission to avenge a relative .
So , to summarise , this is a really bad film , with almost no redeeming features .
Jake noted that he was not just looking for sex appeal , but looking for a connection .
I could not watch the entire movie .
The gags are predictable but that is not what makes it bad .
Or , maybe , they will hire a real director next time .
He writes down everything they do in these books .
I expected more from him , but then again , he did agree to a part in this mess .
As other 's have said , there is nothing new about wanting to carryout occultist revenge .
Bizarrely , this being is in fact his son , who he has turned into this monster to prevent him dying from cancer .
This sorry effort just does not measure up at all .
If we have seen national geographic channel we know snakes wo nt stay clinched on the body once they bite .
Rosarios character is more or less , only watching what happens .
Wo not waste your time pitching it to you .
Lee does this sort of thing in just about every movie he makes .
I was one of quite a few extras in this big bomb .
The screenplay was infantile and bore little resemblance to the pulp story .
And that stupid love thing in the middle , it 's just so amazingly predictable .
It s sad to see this man exploited , but he probably made good use of the money they paid him .
A minute of nothing , then a girl wakes up and takes a shower .
They spelled your name wrong on the tea cup .
He wants to be accepted for who he is , not just for his ability to bend steel .
Not long after landing , the killer escapes .
The sleaze style of the movie is laughable .
Robbie magasiva always looks good on screen , but is let down by the script ..
The dialog , while idiotic , is just bad enough to be humorous sometimes .
Not nearly as offensive as it 's reputed to be , but not particularly successful , either .
A group of us watched this film are were really disgusted .
Nothing else in the movie is worth watching .
It probably would actually have been incredibly lame come to think on it .
But the clues , like everything else , add up to nothing .
It 's all so totally pointless and meaningless .
There is not much zombie action in this one and the effects , while adequate , are nothing special .
I only watched this because a friend owned it and let me watch it ...
Too bad it did not happen that way .
Such a trite clichè for such a smart director .
As far as gore , there 's not much going on .
Lowe has been trapped by the bad guys on a train .
All the obvious signs were of a stranger doing it .
However , it suffers obviously when it came time to filling this notion out into a two hour movie .
The movie uses meaningless , contrived plot lines to deliver trash to homes of thousands .
This impostor is a voyeur , a brat locked in an old man 's body .
This impostor is a voyeur , a brat locked in an old man 's body .
He creaks and snarls , obnoxious and grim .
A cult movie is written on the box .
Cartoon lightning crashes across shots without even bothering to show the sky .
Not just in plot , but so much happens at night it was difficult to make out what was going on .
Poor in every way , do not con people by saying otherwise .
Thing was old to begin with making it a running gag was at times painful to watch .
This film is quite sickening and disgusting .
Unfortunately , few of the actors provide the comedy needed to sustain the intended satire .
It would have worked better if he was a moron .
The only thing missing was a zombie scene and a brain transplant .
The lip tremble , the unnecessary shouting , and his acting in general all just felt very wrong .
And even throughout the whole feature there were some bright moments .
They had a pretty interesting idea , with the buried movie set , and that was it .
The viewer is thrown some lines on possible reasons , but the lines never meet and end up to anything but a mess .
The film could be disturbing to some viewers .
Very bad acting , and a very shallow story .
His scenery chewing helps you to stay awake during the boredom of it all and yes , the film is quite boring .
Evidently when you offer a actor enough money they will do anything .
In my opinon , it is a big let down .
Thunderbirds is just the hook to get people to see it , but are almost incidental in use .
Major musical numbers were cut or rethought .
The fact that it lacks any thrills or action scenes aggravates the boredom .
I would never want to pay money to watch this .
Slasher films are often seen as the derivative , repetitive and frankly unoriginal .
A woman appears in the movie without any introduction and is never introduced .
After picking up a girl on the way there , things start going badly wrong for all of them .
Each kibbutz had its own problems , but hardly any kibbutz had all of them .
It ruined the movie completely for me .
Watching the girls in bikinis was the only distraction during this horrible experience .
No stars , not even for what star power this flick can muster .
There is nothing remotely entertaining about the movie .
The special effects are absolutely first grade level , as in any first grader could have done them .
She should be screaming like a banshee in pain .
It 's nothing but footage from the first film .
Yes , somehow they do , and his neighbors offer some sort of distraction .
I guess what really distracted me was the actors .
The film is pretty confusing and ludicrous .
Not terrible but certainly not good .
Amy 's heart 's desire is to be a disgusting slut .
The plot and characters are just as horrendous .
Now they are simply burned out , and in quite a ridiculous manner .
The cast is totally wasted here and the southern accents are very annoying and forced .
Arrogant , self absorbed and ultimately meaningless drivel .
The humor was weak and the characters fairly flat .
I would recommend watching this movie for the sheer fact of learning how not to make a movie .
Absolutely putrid slasher film has not one redeeming quality .
A bold attempt to turn nothing into something great .
I was personally looking forward to it but just got terribly disappointed .
The scenes that take place anywhere else are not much to brag about , either .
The only scary thing about this movie is the thought that whoever made it might make a sequel .
There is nothing original in this film , and almost nothing that is accurate .
The characters do not help things because these girls are a bunch of whiny , stupid bitches .
There is a one final attempt to bring it back which falls flat , taking the entire movie with it .
Or rather , adding insult to injury .
No , not even uniforms match , for goodness sake .
If he liked poor people so much , he 'd give them at least some of the money they earn for him .
I feel bad for the two actors whose legacy is marred by this disaster that should never have been made .
Tabu was good as a caring wife and mother .
It does not suck , but it 's completely derivative and does not do anything as well as the original .
But this movie had no scary moments .
First of all let me start off with the acting .
But when the drugs give him hallucinations of a demon , he chooses to escape instead .
Skullduggery is a failed attempt to tell a story that could have been poignant , philosophical and stimulating .
Oh , how lovely that would 've been .
Yes , bad ... who could not even hear some parts it was stupid .
The villains were bad , the protagonists were bad , and the movie was a stinker .
I really tried to like this movie but in the end it just did not work for me .
At last some interesting booking even though the match was awful .
It 's no wonder that it was considered to bad for a cinema release .
The music is crap and the use of filming locations is very unimaginative .
The plot certainly seemed interesting enough .
But alas , the rest of the film is not worth watching just for this highlight .
Put these two actors in a stupid movie and the result is twice as bad .
Lack of cohesiveness runs rampant as does banality .
It 's not because it lacks action or special effects , although it does .
This sequel is a really bad film which kept me tremendously bored and uninterested .
Chalk this one up to being a movie which tries to get actors ' careers off the bench and into a video .
He made a really , really bad movie .
Another unrealistic trait is the lack of intelligence the criminals possess .
This version does not add anything new .
The movie is neither as clever nor as sexy as it strives to be .
Now , there is a line that seems to imply the main character is the daughter of the woman from this other film .
Another problem with the movie is the pacing .
This movie has absolutely nothing good about it .
Streep is barely in the picture , and only appears near the very end .
You just say that anyone who pays money to see a film as poor as this needs their head looking at .
Not sure if it was good for either of them , at that point .
I 'm really not sure what else to say here .
It would have been funnier to use a real doll instead .
The only problem is that her daughter 's friend is the girl in the way .
Logically , the place would probably fall apart with this many holes .
At least not in the quantities on display here .
But then again , probably he would not .
Well , add this to the unwatchable list .
Instead it was only mildly entertaining and left much to be desired .
They are kind of in the bind since the relative that left her the money cut them out of the will .
That just might be some sort of cinematic record .
They also throw in some pointless potty humor which sickens me .
My god this looks like a really bad sitcom .
There is a lack of suspense in this film and it is not scary either .
Unbelievably , this won a jury award at the festival .
The movements of the actors and the way they look and speak are often atrocious .
A scientist on an island is in deep sorrow about the loss of his son who died of kidney cancer .
In order to not be bored by this film , you would have to be one of the most easily entertained people on earth .
Even though there are a lot worse movies out .
Whoopi caved in to be in this disaster after a huge paycheck .
They waste time theorizing about what makes dogs smile , but not once do they mention what a wagging tail means .
The dialogue was contrived and campy .
But the women cast gave a pretty good show than the males who were laughable .
Guernsey is the story of a woman who suddenly starts looking at her own life .
The people in the theater were so restless and silent it was like watching paint dry .
God knows , we all get subjected to enough crap at our local cinemas .
I think the director took this movie just too serious .
You could call this plagiarism or homage , depending on your agenda .
This movie contains too much unnecessary nudity , vulgar sexual scenes and rude language .
Anyone can see eternity in a grain of sand if they 're in the right mood .
This film is so bad that other films should be ashamed of being available in the same watchable format .
Unfortunately , his intellect is not up to the task .
In short , this was a film based on a script whose writer was being too clever by far .
Another instance is the ability to stick with it .
This movie , however , ruined that excitement for me .
Listen to the cd . do nt watch this its awful .
The movie had a good concept , but the execution just did not live up to it .
I 'm desperately unimpressed by stabs at its cinematography , directing or acting performances .
It sucks and the people behind it are ripoff artists .
The doctor had financed a mansion for her before she killed him and buried the sucker in the backyard .
Avoid this movie like the plague ... because it may literally bore you to death .
It does not have much story or character development .
The acting was flat , the editing was terrible and the plot leaves many major questions unanswered .
It has a blatant disregard for period detail .
There are many films that do this far better .
This cast was just well , for lack of a better word , they were on .
There is really no other reason given .
Very disturbing stuff , there was no need to show the children fully naked .
The sex scene was weak but we got to see her .. which was okay ...
Absolutely nothing works in this film .
To make matters worse , it turned out to be another martial arts exercise .
The violence is bad , the acting is ...
The couple then set about getting their revenge .
Nothing bad , you understand , but equally nothing good .
It 's much better than this piece of garbage .
Americans good ... anyone else either evil or useless .
Overall , the film looked low budget and silly .
Played by thugs , bumblers , a chimp , and the nerd boy .
Nope , we get a burnt , bland lump with too much sugar on top .
And as a family sports movie this is horrible .
Secondly , after the initial monster attack nothing happens for almost the entire film .
A decent sequel , but does not pack the punch of the original .
The story is uninteresting , as are the many characters .
She has been left on the shelf for too long and she wants to burst out .
Many of the gags just sit there , lacking spark and energy .
It 's like the directors are wanting to use up all this extra footage they did not want to throw away .
The concept of the story is not as problematic as the execution .
Naturally , this was in order to attract young males , but it was just so cheaply done .
Revolver 's a waste of everyone 's time .
And oddly enough it was always money for such nonsense .
Mother can finally swallow the pills administered by a pretty nurse .
No need to blame the bad weather for the tragedy .
I really felt cheated after seeing this picture .
Oh sod it i will just have it raining frogs .
The movie has no insights into women , men , dating , sex , or really anything .
Anyone with any sense would have not attempted it on such a day in the first place .
Promising plot notwithstanding , the movie completely lacks charm , or humor , or atmosphere .
What a great cheese ball of a premise for a low budget horror movie .
I 'm afraid there is nothing here to learn or to let think a little about serial killers , art or religion .
I was hoping this was it , but no such luck .
Again , he stands around watching and talking but does not save them until they 're shot .
There is no way on earth you are going to care about any of these characters .
Could have stick to it , it would not have to sit through the whole movie .
Except to say that the script was pretty wretched as well .
It was mismarketed , and should have been marketed as a futuristic tale , instead of just a lame cop comedy .
The plot was unbelievable especially with regard to the victims son .
Unfortunately , the movie is simply not enticing enough to attract most viewers into watching it more than once .
White is nothing but a corporate stooge .
No , even that would be more intriguing .
This incestuous group of neighbors makes my flesh crawl .
The story is pretty predictable , to say the least , offering no surprises .
This film , for an after school special , is not that bad , and that 's the problem .
Suggestion to all you poor souls who actually thought this would be close to the book .
Well ... me and my friend decided just for shits n' giggles that we 'd rent this movie .
There is a subplot regarding missing drug money , but it 's just a throwaway .
Not to mention it does not have anything to contribute to anyway .
If you value your time there are far better ways to spend two hours , like cleaning your house , for example .
Again , it appears that they worked for some kids .
I remember reading all the horrible , horrible reviews for this film when it came out .
Sorry this movie did not scare me it just annoyed me .
The film is too long , too weird and too forgettable .
Two of the original cult member also tries to stop the killer by resurrecting some other kind of dead thing .
In jest , our expectations of the characters created in the first film are discarded promptly .
Nothing about landing , returning to the normal life .
Christianity has fundamentalists that shoot abortion clinic doctors and so on .
I did not care at all for any of the glib portrayals .
Life is also predictable , bad , nasty , trivial , senseless , sometimes .
The telling , leaden and predictable .
Sadly this movie does not portray either of these .
Too bad she has sunk into nearly total oblivion .
But somebody forgot to give him any worthwhile dialogue .
Oh , the acting redefines the word horror .
The story is pretty horrid and unconvincing .
Sure it failed miserably , but it tried .
She is quite a boring character as the dreamy housewife with absolutey nothing else on her mind but to have kids .
In fact , nobody speaks much in this movie .
The actors do not have much to work with .
I found this movie in the ' horror ' section of my video store .
Perhaps it 's too broad getting up the stairs , you have to stay at home half a day ...
It reeks of cheese from start to finish , but it 's not even good cheese .
Nobody in the right mind would believe that this two have any chemistry at all between them .
There are those poor children who hate people selling them and wait to be saved by someone .
I am curious why the dialogue feels so overworked .
Lumiere is the only worthwhile one in the bunch .
This is totally proof that you should never judge a book by it 's cover .
It 's not scary or any of the other things suggested in the plot outline .
A guy teaches a bunch of young underdogs how to be good paint ball players .
Neither zombie nor vampire notably encounter each other .
You might as well have the privilege of wasting it yourself .
The theater was dead with silence ' cause everyone was embarrassed to be in there watching such trash .
But this movie was just so terrible it was not worth a chuckle .
For a large percentage of the film , they just move her around the set like a prop .
I was also heavily disappointed that all the killings were done with a gun what kind of gore is that .
This mindless movie is a piece of crap and boring like the full house repetitions .
Some silly nonsense about the baron having to clear up business and being away allows him to play both parts .
Proof that you a can start anywhere .
There is also a lack of empathy for any of the characters .
The film 's negatives are that it is too stretched and the songs are extremely boring .
I guess they did not want to halt filming until it healed up , pity .
A child can not be frightened by the scary moments .
He 's only in it for a few minutes .
The main antagonist is one of the only redeeming characters , and he is killed .
The misinformation is pervasive , no wonder people have swallowed it .
Another thing is that the dialogue was pretty much bad .
This film also uses a ton of footage from the previous film to save budget on this sequel to it .
I cringed all the way through this movie .
It seemed to spend too much time being clever rather than telling a story .
They read the lines .... and no doubt had one take to make them convincing .
Knef traps a group of people in an isolated hotel and picks them off one by one in twisted , disgusting ways .
Beautiful photography and skilled editing in a motion picture like this is a waste of talent .
The movie lasted entirely too long and was perilously boring .
It simply does not offer anything new to viewer , neither in visual level nor in plot .
I actually felt bad for the actors in this thing .
Characters shoot cars and there is a massive explosion .
No closure , bad script , and does not have enough extension of minor characters .
The music is just awful , the humor is not funny and all the female characters slutty idiots or total geeks .
It started out with an interesting premise .
I found this in a bin at a video store .
Fourthly , the structure has been mucked up and scenes cut .
The cameo is not all that funny , but at least it s not painful .
I have seen tampon ads with more structure than this movie .
The movie has no plot , no direction and no purpose .
She 's the only member of the cast who displays any acting talent whatsoever .
Some jokes are dragged out too long when they 're more disgusting than funny in the first place .
It feels like you 're coming down with a terrible headache , not like you 're getting scared .
This prequel has none of those aforementioned requirements going for it .
All of which are left entirely to the viewer .
If you do not have the original director and actors handy ... you 're just looking to get your butt whooped .
There is also way too much poop and vomit in this movie .
Not that he is a bad actor , he 's good ..
Elsewhere , the film just fell to pieces .
When jets of fire shoot out of characters ' arms , it looks silly rather than alarming the way it should .
Instead , she bobbed her head with her bottom lip stuck out .
The often incoherent storyline is not even ghoulishly amusing .
They 're so insignificant , they 're not even decorative .
A miserable script loaded with cliches is only the first of many objectionable aspects to this film .
Sad ... and very pathetic , actually .
One wonders why the makers of this even bothered .
The actors , the accents , the dialog and the direction were amateurish and the writing was dismal .
The music was very annoying and did not work overall .
There was no story line whatsoever .
Whipped is one of the most awful films of all time .
I ca not believe it ... this movie is actually worse than the first one .
Cuba speaks with a presidential staff member .
That completely destroyed any documentary feel that they may have wanted to create .
This proves nothing when it comes to being an actual director handling story .
And , as a result it does not really go anywhere .
There were continuity errors and plots that stopped as abruptly as they started .
Sadly , the film lived down to its title .
Very poor acting , outrageous special effects , and a plot equal to zero .
It 's not as confusing as you might think , since none of the characters make any sense to begin with .
There 's not much to give away in regards to a plot or a spoiler .
I believe there is no reason for this story to be told .
Oh well people gotta start somewhere .
I just am not sure whose children it was made for .
There was only one reason for this movie .
They should have looked for look a likes or simply ignored the original and not tried to copy its look and feel .
That 's where the humanistic appeal ends .
The movie has left the novel 's unspeakably detailed reality in the dust .
The scene where all the characters are singing was the worst moment in cinema history .
Not to mention the fact that the dialogue sounds totally unrealistic and downright cartoonish .
York lends some class to this mediocre movie .
I could not believe what all the conflict was about .
Let 's see they probably only have a couple of years till their legal adults .
Most of the action takes place at night in woods or on a field , and the screen simply looks drab .
It does not change the fact , that this is a very boring movie to watch .
I thought the acting was not very good and the story was boring .
Dubious because in the original play , none of the men we come to know and sympathize with , stay alive .
So , if you wish to be preached to incessantly by those without authority , then by all means , get this film .
These and many more questions popped up , and none of them seemed to get answered in an acceptable way .
Seek out a production of the stage play instead , you wo not be disappointed .
Add to this a truly terrible print quality and there you are .
In my opinion this failure is due totally to writer failure .
The connections from one event to the next are weak .
We ca not accept any goodness in him and as a result the rest of the has no moral center .
If a movie starts with a sex scene then it 's a bad movie .
In such a kind of a movie even if u do not care about the plot at least you want some nice action .
Rather , the mystery is why this perennial ratings disappointment is still on the air .
I think the differences are obvious and the comparison is not only arrogant but redundant .
We barely know anything about her background or her motivations .
Acting not quite as bad as the writing , but still bad .
As they gyrate about in the dust , suddenly other couples appear from no where and there is a huge orgy scene .
I admit that the majority of this film was uninspired , but i was still entertained .
I truly feel sorry for the actors having to deal with such a terrible script .
I would never have paid to see this movie , but it was free .
How any one can produce this caliber of trash is beyond me .
Ridiculous fluff , that compounds its error by trying to have meaning .
The cast was attractive , and that is about the limit to this .
Had the casting director actually ever read the book .
Whoever wrote that must be insane if they thought such a awful description could tempt us into viewing the video .
The battle sequences were so poorly executed .
To call this movie bad would be a gross understatement .
Altman 's attempt at creating suspense fell on its keester .
That was the only part that had some interest and maybe could have been developed into a real ' wild wester n ' .
It drips what looks like green paint .
Glitz does not replace a nothing storyline .
There are a number of moments that just do not add up here .
There is also nothing wrong with making a film such as this to attempt to present the gospel message .
This is one of those movies that does not so much have a plot as it does a premise .
However , this movie could 've been a whole lot better even though it had a poor cast .
It looks extremely stupid , as we see this character doing this out of the blue .
I think the worst thing was the underwater scene 's held off of the dock .
It would have seemed that she would have had the opportunity to leave after the cross incident .
We prefer shows that do not betray the characters and insult our intelligence .
That itself does not mean that the movie is bad .
Make no mistake though this is a bad movie about a woman sheriff .
This movie is in no way mysterious , yet it is not blunt either .
And do not let him out until he 's developed a decent script for something , anything .
But this is all , only the design is not enough .
To end the boredom , the supposed story about the tape being investigated , extra bullshit .
Another team constantly picks on them and insults them because they play woods and blah blah blah
It ends up making the movie look even cheaper than it is .
Actually , one would probably get more out of a televangelist sermon than this poor excuse for entertainment .
Their makeup would not have even looked frightening to a newborn child .
And as for the feminist polemic , it 's laughable .
When watching this show you are not quite sure whether it is the story or the acting that is more annoying .
Part of the trouble is that it seems to wrap up far too quickly , leaving this viewer somewhat disappointed .
Part of the trouble is that it seems to wrap up far too quickly , leaving this viewer somewhat disappointed .
Unfortunately , the script gives us no clue as to what she is dreaming about .
This movie tries to look genuine and the characters should be supposed real people .
I ca not believe somebody wrote this stupid story before making some changes .
Technically , a disgusting shot film .
Nothing in the movie looks like the zombie on the front of the case .
They ended up with too many things happening in a proscribed feature film time limit .
I ca not believe that those praising this movie herein are not thinking of some other film .
This is a bad , by the numbers movie .
The plot was basically some guy going on a rampage .
It was so slow and awfully strange .
This version drags on confusingly after the announcement of the wedding without actually showing us the ceremony .
It 's torture as slow motion date rape .
Anil is an actor of large caliber and this film is not .
Abruptly without any visual cues to aid the drama , a giant tentacle grabs the baby .
It 's just so bad , it 's almost unbelievable .
I do not mind a predictable movie if it 's done well , but this one absolutely was not .
He may be the only director who has failed to improve over a forty year career in the business .
What is sad is how such stagnant work is considered depressing when the material itself is hilarious .
The ending was almost too painful to watch .
You will be more entertained than watching this poor excuse for a show .
It was the only good scene in an otherwise silly film .
Unfortunately , the second half of the movie is nearly dedicated to the white family .
Unfortunately , the second half of the movie is nearly dedicated to the white family .
Nothing interesting or exciting happens .
This was completely inconsistent with the strongly independent character she was supposed to be .
Other than that ... not much else to see here .
Whether you watched or made it , it looked like nothing but time killing .
It 's a waist to indulge such great actors in such a weak and boring movie .
Seed in his house , act stupid and get slashed in the dark .
Sure there are some , of quite poor quality , but mostly the ninjas fires automatic guns or sets of explosions .
The whole this was thousands of years in the past idea , the mitochondrial
As a result , the films , though popular in their day , were just awful by today 's standards .
Secondly , the role of the butcher to maintain order is just so obviously created ...
Some views tried to fake the effect of a real camera with lagging tracking and jerky zooms .
Words can not express how bad this film is .
Going into details concerning the lame script and acting serves little purposes .
Acting is terrible , sets are cheap , the baddies are , well , bad .
Maybe the movie was a bad adaptation of the book , or it lost a lot in the dubbed version .
Even when they are trying to make her look at more girl next door .
If you like bad movies with bad acting watch this .
The film is very hard to follow and the plot just did not seem to make any sense .
But , even such accidental humor is hard to find in this total turkey .
This film might just have worked if it had been made as a straightforward serious drama .
The rest of us , who have developed pubic hair , will be bored out of our skulls .
The acting is horrendous ... serious amateur hour .
Too much blood , too much time , too much themes for nothing .
I 'm going to spend as much time on this review as the writers did on the script .
The beginning was all a bunch sex trash and cliches .
Otherwise what would posses an actor of his caliber to act in a movie like this .
From the first moment , this thing is just an awful sequence of extremely short cuts of blurry camera work .
Three very engaging actors giving decent performances .
Almost everything else could have been assembled by a computer .
The problem is with the rest of the picture .
By the time we , the viewers , get to the kill scenes , we no longer care .
One shocking moment that looks a bit too silly to be shocking .
Because he knows nothing of the world , he does not seem to realize they stink .
The characters scream and laugh too much and it is very annoying .
I believe the film could have been better made had the story been more original and with a better budget .
Otherwise , the hype of the film does not justify the content in the film .
Some of them are trying too hard to be mysterious and scary though .
I 've never seen a film where they seemed so unnecessary to the plot .
It 's badly uneven and the pacing is all over the place .
No instead we get the hero on a boat .
This crap fest however , gives you it all .
If you have not seen this yet , save yourself the irritation .
They then decide to go for some revenge .
Misrepresented garbage like this belongs in a landfill and nowhere else .
This film does not fall under any of those and just remains dumb .
I found the story entirely unbelievable as a result of so many flaws .
The place was essential to the fabric of the book and its change was part of my disappointment with the movie .
These questions are posed in the screenplay but sadly are never answered .
Uh oh , this is running too long , and hacked the rest of the story to shreds .
Just where is it heading , is anyone 's guess .
This low budget stinker was an epic fail .
This film is a cartoonish piece of snot with bright colors and bad mediocre acting .
Weak plot , unlikely car malfunction , and helpless fumbling characters .
The captain is this short whiny guy who speaks in such a high tone .
I wo not spoil too much , but at one point they even use a big helicopter .
Just a lot of predictable dramatic conflicts between the main characters .
It takes itself so seriously , it just becomes a huge joke by the end .
The main plot of this movie is about a woman getting revenge on her rapists .
I can not imagine this movie receiving any nominations much less an award .
The melting man finishes turning into a pile of goo , and then ... nothing .
The end game to have such a poor one .
Technically , the sound really bothered me .
Finally , there 's the ghost who just screams in a way that 's not scary or unintentionally funny .
Bronson seems more into things but clearly this is far too repugnant to save .
What she does not prove here is that she has any discernible talent as an actress .
Montmirail does not change , he 's just a little more boring .
Montmirail does not change , he 's just a little more boring .
You 're better off going to the local car show and stopping at a strip joint on the way home .
This is very much like a not so bad student film .
Not a single curse word from any of them .
None of the actors are convincing in their specific roles .
Americans take this simplistic nonsense seriously .
I was lying on my bed , with a really bad cold or flu or whatever .
And on top of that this is a very boring film
Robert is an outsider but he has his music which could have been his soul .
After that , it sort of falls apart .
But the ape females looked like nothing on earth , neither ape nor human .
He ca not seem to kill the guy this way so he grabs a star off the tree and slits the guys throat .
None of the characters come across as being even remotely human .
First of all , it was not even scary .
Really it 's a dreadful cheat of a film .
The script was unemotional and confusing .
She basically tripped the person , which is illigal .
As for the performances , most are particularly wooden .
Of course , we have no idea who this boobilicious woman is or why she was murdered .
This movie bored me to death and was so different from the first one , it had the plot continue and thats it .
And , as a result , none of it seemed particularly believable .
Well , just a little but still not enough to save it .
The movie feels like a pointless and obsolete one that has very little to offer .
He was so predictable in his performance falling into the traps set for him by all the women surrounding him .
Grating does not even begin to describe his performance .
For instance scenes at a fertility clinic are not in the least funny and are quite frankly embarrassing .
They bring class to a project that otherwise belongs in obscurity .
Everyone else is pretty brittle and forgettable .
In fact , most of the performances are pretty bland when they 're not being patronizing .
I would have rather ha a root canal during the two hours of the movie .
Watching the movie feels like watching a daytime soap opera about a murderer .
I 'm sorry to say , this film has none .
Along with his two underlings play a major reason as to why this movie is failure .
Partly due to a poor stunt crew , and the lack of time to film anything too complex or exciting .
There 's so little substance that there 's nothing there even just to make fun of .
It is nothing but one big lie from the beginning to the end .
It is sadly obvious why he had trouble getting backing .
The only reason to give this movie even a single star is how much the ending made me laugh .
You could fall asleep in the middle .
We know it 's meaningful because it 's followed by two minutes of nothing on the screen .
Pretty cool idea , but deleted scenes are left on the cutting room floor for a reason and this is further proof .
Nothing about this movie is quite as it should be .
It was required that there be an actress in this type of movie .
The main character is simply annoying , and not a character that it 's easy to like .
He seems to be the only actor in the film concerned with grounding it in reality .
Full of clichés , highly predictable , unrealistic and sometimes even stupid .
Just pure , concentrated torture inflicted on the viewer .
But this movie fell flat on it 's face .
The last shot was really quite splendid , but it was nowhere near enough to save this moderate stink bomb .
Of course the mob boss wants his money back and does not care who he has to kill to get it .
Revealing who the main villain was supposed to be a twist , but contradicted other parts in the story .
This picture should be shown in every amateur acting class of an example of what not to do .
No one would want to have this garbage ever surface to be publicly distributed again .
The story is undeniably thin , it was in scary movie too but there at least the laughs were quick and constant .
There are too many clichés and not enough good acting .
It was complete torture sitting through this film , i would have appreciated someone warning me in advance .
And the main female character had no reason or place in the film .
I could easily manage to find one hour of walking around or pointless dialogue to cut from the movie .
It 's almost shocking that even argument scenes are so plain and devoid of emotion .
Several of them have lifted their material elsewhere , something the judges does not seem to have problems with .
Let 's not have anymore painful watching films like this .
Truly , another in a long line of woefully inadequate holiday films .
The men are staggeringly uninteresting , as is the plot .
This is a stupid remake , too obviously spectacular to even be close as scary as the original
There were quite a bit of alarming signs indicating us that this sequel would be a horrendous failure as well .
Wong is a cool actor but it was embarrassing to see him here ..
The acting is horrendous , however , actually not as bad as one would suspect .
I realize that the funding for any such movie is hard to come by .
I m pretty sure you are supposed to watch it high , but mushrooms were not enough .
He does not move his arms when he walks , either .
It seems that the bands are getting younger and younger ...
The movie was not that long but to us it seemed like an eternity .
The movie is silly , stupid , and finally laughable with the way realism is sometimes used , sometimes not .
The girl really seemed sadistically angry about being revived .
Do not be fooled by the cover , which actually looks decent .
Not only is the plot confusing , but the overall conflict is not clear .
A world full of raging and offensive stereotypes of ethnic minorities .
The plot was relatively interesting , but the dialog was super flat and the acting was bland .
If you watch it in slow motion it looks even funnier .
The sound editing is amazingly crappy .
I found myself looking forward to doing the dishes .
Show this to a younger crowd and they will be totally lost .
I could actually do better myself , it was not even set up properly .
This is potentially a very good story , but it fails to hit the mark .
However , the acting , for the most part , is uninspired .
Most bad films are funny because they are crap .
Most people do not realize how gifted he was as an actor .
Swayzee should stick to that sort of thing .
There is not a single woman or minority in the bunch .
She is believably creepy in this otherwise unbelievable plot .
This would have worked better as a play than a movie .
It looks like a bad soap opera , and that is paying it a compliment .
It looks like a bad soap opera , and that is paying it a compliment .
An illegal immigrant resists the social support system causing dire consequences for many .
It 's irritating and a really easy thing to put in movie , if you do not care to explain anything about the plot .
The whole virus sideline is ridiculous .
So much potential , yet so painful to sit through .
His performance is muted and noteworthy .
Some accidents happen in the movie but there comes no explanation after .
Plus , there 's lots of stock footage of the earth being destroyed .
It fails to show evidence of all the ' exclusive ' studies shown .
Douglas is not suited for this role .
Every ten minutes or so , someone would yell
That would have been more interesting .
Watching this film left a bad taste in the mouth and put me on a downer for the remainder of my weekend .
Hopefully she was not taking makeup , clothing or decorating tips .
This is still pretty awful repugnant stuff .
I did not read any reviews and tried to watch this unintentionally humorous film .
Finally , there was an almost complete lack of character development .
After this moment , he starts to have wild behaviours unconsciously and becomes a best cop one could ever be .
The whole movie was extremely predictable and perhaps that messed up some of the jump scenes for me .
Hopefully the director would either stop making movies , or learn more for his next movie .
Practically nothing was even close to truth , and even for the era , it was seen as silly .
I hope he can bounce back from this awful movie .
The premise , although routine , still was not bad , but once the plot was set , the film went nowhere .
The rest of the characters are not much better .
The jokes are telegraphed an hour before the punchline comes , and even then they fall flat .
There was no chemistry between the two main characters which made their whole romance completely unbelievable .
The plot is a muddled mess about a toy factory and the forces of evil .
Do not be fooled by poor investigation .
The story basically involves a murder mystery in a castle on a remote island .
Minus the propaganda , there was little , if anything , that could be called art .
If you like occasional nudity with junior high school level slap stick comedy , then look no further .
There is no need to beat around the bush here .
Let that be your guide for this ridiculously bad film .
Even the film the story of the film is not making sense at all .
The little girl has no connection at all and seems to just a random person chosen as the reincarnation .
The acting is not bad but not special .
Not just a few shots , no , hundreds of shots .
This episode , however , is proof that the show has jumped the shark .
This movie is not just bad , not just corny , it is repulsive .
Then the sabretooth gets up in the vents and bites the kids head off .
Kid 's stuff does not have to be this way .
Almost nobody has a credible or discernible motivation for their actions in this film .
I went to see this film with low expectations , but hoping to be charmed by seeing my home town on film .
The movie just piles on one boring subplot after another .
The final and the worst flaw , were the incorrect , and distorted facts placed in the show .
His character is entirely too charming and appealing .
Let me be really clear about this movie .
In all honesty , it probably should have stayed on the shelf .
The new designs are ugly and the animation is pathetic .
Apart from a couple of mostly off screen decapitations there 's no blood , gore or violence to speak about .
Characters behave on irritating impulse because there is no plot .
This documentary is a proof of talent being used for mean purposes .
Feeling embarrassed watching the two on the screen is not right .
And the scenes with the card sharks was mildly humorous as well .
None of the characters are even likeable .
The script has that bearded guy warn them about the woods just for suspense .
And we spend the rest making the movie .
To me , they always seemed to rush the scenes , and then it drags a bit in places .
Also , the switch in directing was evident but confusing since there was no flow .
This movie has plenty of ridiculous moments and very bad editing in the first half .
This kind of thing falls into the it 's so ridiculous it 's good kind of category .
The story itself should have been handled much better .
The third is just barely a horror story .
This movie , however , is one giant down .
Nothing gets explained during the film .
As far as the acting goes , this film is at the bottom of the barrel .
The only reason they 're in the film is because the formula demands it .
The whole joke is that he defeats his enemies by squirting them with semen .
I saw this movie with low expectations and was not disappointed .
Any normal people would have simply left the abuse .
If painting is what makes them happy , there should be no reason a parent should hold that back on a child .
It 's not funny , it was not scary and was cliche through the entire film .
She is pretty but she 's a weak actor .
This film adds nothing , delivers nothing , and ultimately winds up in the big box of failed sequels .
The premise itself is ridiculous and almost insultingly patronizing , but could work if the players were perfect .
Everybody is overacting to the point where it 's annoying to watch .
Did not want to look , but could not turn away .
Even the closing scene does not make any sense .
We just wanted to see at least one of the plot lines develop .
It does however fit into the category of ' so bad that it 's painful ' .
Every time the jokes jerk us back into reality , the toyland of the film increasingly becomes an obvious sham .
Unfortunately , it seemed rushed and not nearly melodramatic enough .
Apparently a ' huge fight up on the football fields ' is a fight that consists of two people .
The night listener was anything but .
The big kicker at the end of the movie is laughable .
The film looks notoriously cheap , making it seem like a television show instead of a theatrical film .
I have not seen such a bad movie for years .
I hate to be so mean ... but this really is a piece of junk .
The writing is incredibly predictable , and the running gags are not much gags at all .
The situations are dumb and beyond reason and the acting is truly awful .
Seeing that it s a short film and has some funny aspects , it s not the worst thing to see .
But scene after scene drones by with no change in intensity , no character arcs , and inexplicable behavior .
And so it goes , cliché after cliché is piling up and this is why the movie does not work .
There is no way to describe how really , really , really bad this movie is .
It looks cheap , it is a terrible story and it is executed bad in every possible way .
Please just do yourself a favor and do not watch this film .
They also never move the drugs or sell them or do anything else with the big score .
Also , the new cabin by the lake was poorly created .
Oh yeah , the couple is unable to have a baby because the husband is firing blanks .
If your script is not good enough to stand up without that , then do not produce it .
Storytelling is too weak that it could not make audience feel sympathy for the characters .
The acting , overall , is horrible .
I ca not believe anyone would agree to star or even work on this picture .
The shaky camera work is more annoying than clever or atmospheric .
The fake accents were terrible , the characters were mainly stereotypes , and continuity was out the window .
Quickly and mercifully forgotten , the film is a travesty and an insult to a classic .
Dysfunctional family goes home for the holidays and murder and mayhem result .
That could have and should have worked .
I really did not feel ripped off of my rental money , and sometimes that s all you can ask for .
Or just stay on this strike forever , who cares .
However , the production values are poor and thus the movie is never at one point shocking or provocative .
Standing alone they were not horribly bad , but put together was a tragic move .
The only common thread is the total lack of any redeeming qualities .
There is no skull there , there 's no skull .
I find it hard to understand why this piece of utter trash was repackaged .
Pointless , relentless , violent , unpleasant , meaningless ...
I only recommend this to lovers of bad films and no one else .
What follows in the ridiculous plot just fills me with disbelief .
I mean , some screenwriter actually thought that this premise was fresh , original and lucrative .
Not saying they were horrible , but they were not memorable or even really that entertaining .
The overall quality of this movie lacks of the supposable very low budget .
The stock characters are to be expected , but the total lack of suspense is not .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
Find one of those films , and skip this one .
I saw virtually no redeeming qualities in this movie .
This plan by the way is not working out by the way , because all the staff are getting in the way .
The acting was stilted and the costumes were nothing short of distracting .
It 's one senseless fight scene after another , and flying guillotine does not even play a major part in them .
Maybe the ending would be the payoff , but no .
There was not really anything to make this movie scary , or worth watching .
My dad cleaned all the mess the dog made wherever he was .
In my opinion this movie was very pointless and unnecessary and not even funny .
Or maybe even the source novels were lightweight .
I realize virtually all the nudity and gore was cut from this film , thus neutering it completely .
It is easily one of the worst movies ever made .
I say that because , that would mean the torture would have lasted longer .
Other than that , this movie was a piece of crap .
Well ... uh , nothing of note really happens .
The ending was merely one more despicable effort to emasculate men and empower women at their expense .
Awful writing , which includes putrid dialogue and countless plot holes .
Not funny , not sad , not anything .
The script is atrocious on its own , like it was written by a sixth grader .
To have a creepy limping gardener is always a good move .
The casting and overall look of the movie are the only saving graces .
The entire cast of actors were mostly unknowns then and have remained unknowns after this turkey .
Ben just can make up for everything else that is wrong with this movie .
You ca not get bored watching this .
The killer was so dumb and looked so stupid too .
Even spacey , this is not his terrain .
Unrestrained chaos crammed with absurd violence and crude behavior .
The characters from this movie are not only badly performed , but they are also repulsive .
The sole reason for even considering whether to watch this film or not .
To call this movie dumb is offensive even to dumb people .
This movie relies purely on few key scenes and their shock value .
Thenardier only had a few seconds of screen time .
Awake fails to inject terror into its novel premise .
Amateur actors and amateur effects .
I can not believe anyone could have given this tripe a good review .
The acting is the biggest joke in history .
I can only assume this as there are two scenes in the film where he is seen picking his nose .
There 's no reason to go on with the rest of the movie .
If he gets that one wrong , he leaves with nothing .
In fact , to be blunt , they are very bad .
It 's truly a shame they wasted their opportunity to make something interesting .
Nothing against the occasional swear word .
Just recalling the movie is making me sick already .
The couple of angels from heaven tried to make a couple of jokes , which were dry and dull .
Of course the snob could not even do that right .
It 's ugly , uncanonical , idiotic , and the writing is horrifically bad .
For example , this kid 's remote control race car goes all over the neighborhood , and even enters this house .
Not really connected to the movie except to establish how bad he was and to have a hideout .
I mean , the eulogy at the funeral was ridiculous .
Thing is , period pieces do not have to be this cheesy .
I was very disappointed with this film .
Tree sucks as a bad guy despite all his disguises that makes him look exactly the same as he normally does .
She had passions , desires , love , pain , embarrassment , weakness , and self doubt just like the rest of us .
At the end you 're left mouth agape , mind befuddled and good taste offended .
Serious editing and continuity problems mar the picture , which otherwise might have amounted to something .
When it was time for dialog , the volume would usually drop to something barely audible .
I strongly do not recomend it unless you want to watch chessy , bad acting crap .
This movie is so historically naive and so factually inaccurate that it 's almost embarrassing to watch .
It 's a shame the film around him had no reason to exist .
I love hearing them point out all the funny , truly awful bits in the movie .
The deep conversations were marred by stupid clichés .
Very soon the giggling stops in favor of a sour feeling witnessing such a patronizing attitude .
This movie had so much potential to be good , but ultimately made nothing of it .
This would have made a decent half hour show or they could have filmed the book and made it a better long show .
He goes to the preacher 's home and discusses his problems .
I spent more time laughing at the stupidity of the movie than the parts that were supposed to be funny .
The result is so absurd and tedious that it almost defies belief .
Unfortunately , it did not turn out to be a good movie .
He just seemed like a victim rather than a fighter .
If you can spare yourself this embarrassment , please do so .
And the dialogue is overzealous and too corny to be anything but pathetic .
The family is high atop the list of things that make this an awful movie .
The entire movie is unrealistic and dumb .
Ants mysteriously turn into killer ants near a hotel .
The racing scene are so low budget they sped them up to make it look like the cars are going fast
Although the ending seemed arbitrary to me .
This film features four giant stars , about three and a half jokes and nothing beyond that .
The jokes were not funny , actors were not funny , anything about it was not even remotely funny .
The overbearing script is plain inane and the performances are suitably so .
Even your money man hates this project .
This movies scary alright , if this is the future of big budget horror then the horror genre is doomed .
The blame is on the untalented writer and director .
We do not get to learn anything about any of them .
I found myself wondering how they were able to keep up the cleaning with all the dust blowing around .
Hutchence , if he had any shred of dignity when alive , has to be rolling over in his grave .
Meaning they go to the bar and try to sleep with many women .
It s not about the plot , it s about the laughs you might be screaming .
Nothing in this film interested me .
Tom 's acting only exceeds to make you feel bad for his character and nothing else .
No longer see anything they are part of .
Do not even bother out of curiosity , that was my first mistake .
This movie is so bad that it does not even try to hide the fact that it sucks big time .
That and the cast are the only positive points of the feature .
The filmmakers are manipulative and seem to have no problems going for the lowest possible denominator .
Just the way they acted in general annoyed me .
If you 're looking for gore , it 's not here .
The rest of the movie is an insult to gay men .
It has little to no logic in the script .
Eventually they end up doing nothing .
But hopefully this is as bad as it gets .
I could not care whatever happened .
Sounds a bit confusing really but no its just rubbish .
I was left wondering where the rest of the movie was .
The guy is basically a sex crazed maniac .
I 'd talk about the rest of the film but even thinking about the film now is giving me a headache .
The silly humour is strained , flat and particularly senseless .
Even with murders it is completely uninteresting and unengaging .
In fact as he fell , as mentioned in other post , he yelled for the referee and ring announcer to move .
Not recommended unless you 're desperate .
Three appeared in one other movie by the same producers .
I really felt ripped off after seeing this .
I do not like to be shown something and that has nothing to do with the story line whatsoever .
The writer 's long career in soaps probably explains why the dialogue is made up mostly of stale clichés .
Their scenes together are actually the only redeeming feature .
Most annoying about this was the relative lack of importance to the plot .
This comedy has some tolerably funny stuff in it , surrounded by a lot of unfunny stuff .
I guess seeing him on screen makes me feel that anyone who works hard can succeed regardless of talent .
I watched just enough to be introduced to several characters , all of whom were not interesting .
An amusing film , but some of the comments others have made are just plain stupid .
It would be a far better use of your time .
No wonder most of the cast wished they never made this movie .
The slapstick was not even mildly funny .
If you do not consider all the goofs , it 's a mediocre film .
Emran did more roles like this and was even nicknamed the serial killer .
Perhaps if they had tightened the script it would have been better .
And yet there 's only four zombies in the entire film .
Avoid it like the veritable plague .
The direction was average and the editing abysmal .
It saddens and depresses every single neuron inside a person 's brain .
I was very disappointed in this movie .
It could have been an interesting story though , but they failed completely .
They needed all the help they could get .
A noble attempt on the filmmakers , but one that ultimately reveals itself as anything but serious .
The result of all this is total confusion .
The ending is not built up at all , it almost feels like an afterthought .
And then it just gets worse and worse , and by the end , trust me , you will wish you had not seen this movie .
And also , the plot ... well , it 's kind of boring .
The frozen breath looks particularly fake .
To say the plot was unbelievable is some big understatement .
In short , the script had the seed of a good idea , but needed quite a bit of reworking .
This movie was so very badly written .
There was no vision , no labor of love here , only a horrible effort gone wrong .
The songs are not songs but just banter that sounds the same in every section .
I was so disappointed in this movie .
Unfortunately , the movie is filled with real slaughterhouse footage .
But then , suddenly , the movie turned mean .
I 'm not sure what makes the film worse .
There is absolutely no reason to watch this movie .
This film is really bad , with a script full of ' memorable ' lines and incredibly bad performances .
I am a huge zombie fanatic and thought the movie could not be that bad .
Sadly , few general interest viewers will ever hear of , much less see , this film .
Do yourselves a favor and pass on this film .
It amazes me that these type of zero potential for making money movies are made .
I had read a few positive reviews of this film , and was truly surprised at how dreadful the whole thing was .
The story is nothing new and has been done better .
I ca not tell you how annoying that was .
Some more talking then this huge ghost comes and etc etc .
As for the story , it 's just stupid .
I really have no clue what so ever of what these people were thinking making this movie .
In general we buy movie to dream and have a good time , not to waste our time and change our mood into worse .
A fun film to watch , but entirely forgettable .
There are some great possibilities , but they just do not follow through ....
The plot is silly and makes no sense and strongly relies on people acting way too dumb to be real .
The story is very thin and the jokes are used and predictable , the ones that ai not , is just plain boring .
What 's really ashame is the premise is not bad at all .
I have not got a clue , apart from making money of course .
No conflict of duality here at all .
They hate the movie and all that it is supposed to represent .
But seriously they were all done terribly and not serial in any way possible .
It 's a shame , because the concept is not without merit .
The movie tries to come off as artistic , or something .
Sure , there were a few funny lines however the weak middle and horrible ending kept it from really breaking out .
I dare you to find a movie which is worst that this ...
This is , of course , completely unnecessary , because it 's so obvious from how badly he plagiarizes the film .
You just go from one random scene to another , nothing flows to form the story that is trying to be conveyed .
At first we thought it was ' shock ' , but then we realized that it was just a terrible script .
They have never heard of the expression less is more .
Bernhard i think was the biggest mistake of the movie .
This is a bad copy of that old good show , except that this show is amazingly bad .
Even if this film was allegedly a joke in response to critics it 's still an awful film .
I found it so ridiculous and meaningless that it actually made me laugh , loud , very loud .
But there are some redeeming points .
The actors have ability , they just do not seem motivated to put forth the effort .
It 's an insult to us viewers that they made it look so cheap .
Sadly , she could not even act like she was off her nut when she took that truth drug .
It is hard to explain how bad this move is .
The editing , cinematography , and other technical aspects seemed frequently to be extremely amateur .
To tell us to believe that this is a valid assumption , with no rationality behind it ... it 's just stupid .
Burton is hammy but weary ... not even telekinesis could save him at this point .
A film that panders to the worst element in society and is in anyway utter gash ...
It 's just bad and not in a funny way .
Character development is very shallow .
The town and the men 's lives quickly turn into a mess .
There were some positive aspects , mainly unintentional moments of humour .
I wo not waste any more gray matter on it .
Not even with copious amounts of illegal substance would this movie be funny .
Complete and utter rubbish in every considerable way .
But when the so called show starts everything becomes implausible , cheap and rather silly .
Every joke fell flat , and every opportunity for a genuinely funny gag went ignored .
The other someone is the most reasonable , mature person in this film but also happens to be just as annoying .
A wrinkle in time includes only one .
Offer has not written or directed anything else and it 's not surprise why .
The cinematography is not much better , as vanilla and dull as the scripts .
No notion of how the two hostages feel , of their point of view , of their ordeal ...
Of course , the problem could be with me .
Just another junk in the attic for me .
Twice , is just insulting to the female race .
This is a sad movie with a stupid ending .
That it is such just makes it plain bad .
But the thing failed miserably at grabbing my attention at any point of its almost two hours of duration .
But the thing failed miserably at grabbing my attention at any point of its almost two hours of duration .
The noisier the movie gets , the less tolerable and watchable it is .
This thing drags and drags and drags .
Maybe he just does not know any better .
I am attempting to find a certain photo from that episode .
Where exactly does this take place , seems to be a mystery .
As a review the movie sucks , it 's terrible .
It 's like watching an amusing train wreck .
The stage fighting looks horrendous , with far too much stretching and running around to be engaging .
I kept wondering if they were serious or kidding .
This plot is so used and abused it 's ridiculous .
Instead , he simply acts in a bizarre fashion and pokes fun at his embarrassingly gargantuan girth .
There are a couple elements that are okay or promising .
Always the poorly crafted , awkward and obvious scripts .
One by one the weekend soldiers are picked off .
Anyway , good for a laugh but just another waste of film and time .
I ca not believe a producer somewhere payed to make this junk .
The large inaccuracies were far more disturbing , however .
This was an incredibly stupid movie .
The movie drags and the ending just thumps you down to a point that you get annoyed .
Otherwise , everything else in this lackluster production is new and not worth watching .
He speaks incredibly quickly , like he is in a rush to get through the lines .
Believability flies out the window and with the ending becomes unbearable and downright ridiculous .
You stand back in horror wondering who the hell thought that this was even a good idea on paper .
The count down to the end was not in sync with anything .
The acting is dinner theater caliber minus the dinner .
Structurally , the film is far too episodic , with little to dramatically tie it together .
She has a chance to kill him but fails in a very dumb way .
No loose ends tied up , nothing explained or terminated .
This movie is so stupid it simply goes around the corner and becomes ridiculous .
These are not party aliens , they are stupid cartoonish idiots with annoying high pitched modulated voices .
All this done at root canal drilling slowness , dragging out each meaningless scene just to fill up time .
They did not develop any of the characters at all and the storyline was played out horribly .
Hence , the poor production values , grainy image , jerky camera work and poor sound .
However , after the movie starts , the whole thing just sort of lies there , without any life or electricity .
Nobody should be forced to see these badly done reenactments .
Meanwhile , the evil lesbian 's girlfriend does not really like her sleeping around .
I could not connect with the character and felt no link at all considering my father .
There 's nothing you 'd want or expect here .
It is just a few bored kids that even give yard tards a bad name , if that is possible .
First off let me say that this has to be on the top of my list of boring movies .
Not because he 's stuck in these jobs , or has a crummy apartment , or looks like one .
Cut the fat here , and this would have clocked in at an hour .
Even the song and dance was pointless and badly choreographed .
From the first five minutes you see the bad acting and direction .
It is worth the money and it 's not even that bad , like it 's bad , but not incredibly bad .
In the film , the same section is totally killed by unfunny handling .
In the film , the same section is totally killed by unfunny handling .
Overall , this is simply too boring , too much repetition in some of the scenes to watch again .
No body was able to understand why he was pretending to be somebody else .
There is a lot of obvious hype associated with this film .
I 've never been big on reincarnation and that could be part of my apathy toward this episode .
It 's so obvious they walk around on a soundstage with a badly made painting in the background .
The main character in the movie is not even a likable person , just pathetic .
The constant nocturnal car chase could only do so much before getting repetitive .
To work , this should have had multiple flashbacks to flesh out the characters .
Save yourself from this misery of movie
Conversely , her lover , who starts off as a narcissistic jerk , becomes a selfless hero during the trial .
First of all , you can tell that absolutely no effort whatsoever went into this movie .
His last appearance was so terrible .
The third is an insult to the series , period .
It was too dumb to believe and not really scary enough .
It s just a bunch of goo pointlessly splattered on the actors faces .
I have a problem with the execution of it .
I can only describe this film as bizarre .
This movie failed because of threadbare writing .
There is just no possible justification to ask the audience to believe this .
Ultimately , it s an incoherent film that does not manage to involve the viewer in any way .
Otherwise , just think twice before losing your precious time ...
Those movies were entertaining in their awfulness but this pile of dinosaur dung is so bad its painful .
His car breaks down , he 's attacked by a dog and stumbles into a nearby clinic .
I have never been so disappointed when watching a movie .
Do not think they could have made this flick any lamer if they tried .
Somehow the children realize he is murdered and tell the woman about it .
If anyone else had done this film , it would have turned out far better and would have been far more satisfying .
I sincerely encourage anyone who reads this not to see this movie if you have not already .
In which after they go back to their boring lives and think being white is bad .
The film 's structure is preposterously illogical and inept .
Pretty awful but watchable and entertaining .
Now , she is preparing for her senior prom with her stupid annoying friends .
It was so bad with nothing to recommend it .
Showing clear signs that this is merely a bunch of friends making a horror film .
It 's unfortunately just not worth the effort it takes to sit through .
The gore content is , quite frankly , laughable .
Too many warping effects , unnecessary zooms , and a plethora of other cheap effects riddle this film .
There are several other similar errors but the biggest failing for me is the actor who plays the lead hooligan .
Again looking at the video box , the guy responsible for it is an underground cult director .
At the least in this sort of movie editing should sell the gore gags .
Never mind the rest of the script and sloppy direction .
I try to be open about any presentation and then decide accordingly .
I kept thinking it would get better , but it only got worse .
Simply put , this is a simplistic and one dimensional film .
But here 's where it gets really stupid .
The lesbian stuff did not bother me .
Hanks is actually sort of good , but this movie goes nowhere and has no point .
I am now dumber for having watched it .
This movie was o.k. but it could have been much better .
Words can not begin to describe how blandly terrible this movie is .
These actors are all talented and could work with the material , but they all feel out of place .
Otherwise the movie was one big ball of arrogance .
There is a subplot with a girl child dying of cancer , not making much impact .
Pandemonium is a horror movie spoof that comes off more stupid than funny .
The sound track was like one of a very bad slap stick comedy .
This movie is really , really atrocious .
There 's nothing real in this film .
There were problems in basic plot development .
The movie lacks energy , and just trods along .
And it does not ring true after seeing the movie and wishing they had not wasted the talent of such good actors .
Even better , the comet mutated some people into zombie flesh eating monsters .
Unfortunately , the same ca not be said for his gal .
The concept is fine but the execution is badly blurred .
Until the last fifteen minutes , this movie just plays as a bad recap of a drunk 's crappy life .
However , she is such a terrible person the audience can not identify with her .
I ask myself what looser would actually sink their money producing such trash .
This movie is suppose to be a mysterious , serious thriller about a man looking for a missing girl .
Nothing to get attached to , to any of the characters , because they are not worked out well enough .
It was if they were trying far to hard to be different .
May be director is a looser that would like to be somebody else .
Halfway through the movie neither myself nor the rest of the class knew what this movie was supposed to be about .
He just lost a huge amount of respect in my eyes .
This constitutes what this movie attempts to pass off as a plot .
No matter how hard you try , you could not care less about the characters .
It made me want to scream , honestly .
Its difficult to offer any spoilers to this film , because there is almost no development in the plot .
The fighting scenes are so ridiculous that it 's impossible to take it seriously .
But then that 's the point , is not it .
I 've always heard how awful it was .
There 's some gore , but most of it looks pretty unconvincing .
Parker there is hardly anything appealing in this film .
God , do not make me , or my children , live enough to witness
We just ca not care about that kind of guy .
Oh , and the bad guys wins and the movie ends on a downer .
Not to mention poor special effects that look like hand puppets .
A top contender for worst film ever made .
It looked appealing from the summary , at least , so we gave it a try .
The main character is incredibly flat .
No actors , almost no plot , sheeze , barely even a script ... you got it , an art movie ....
Please save yourselves , under no circumstances watch this movie .
Some amusing humor , some that falls flat , some decent acting , some that is quite atrocious .
I 'm only wondering who enjoys seeing this stuff .
You see them for almost three hours , but in the end you are left with nothing .
Jordan kirckland was really stiff , almost icy .
Then , on that level , the movie becomes watchable .
As if the originals were not bad enough .
Quite simply , these characters were fairly dull .
Where there is no empathy with the characters , there is no reason to bother caring about it .
And the climax is a phantasmogoric mess ... but things had gone terribly wrong long before that .
As characters , they do not add much to the theme or plot .
Mutch of the film is constant and annoying flashbacks from the first movie .
Former brat pack actor and all round pretty boy
Instead of two comical villains , we get three or four of them .
We 've been waiting for this move over a month .
I could go on and on but it gets more ridiculous .
Jyotika just appears for the namesake in the movie .
It 's mostly just them making stupid , jokey small talk and acting like white trash .
The characters spout improbably bright dialog , but never act in any way remotely recognizable as human .
I suppose one could be thankful that at least they knew how to run the camera .
Here she has even lost her talent as a star .
The acting sucks and the writing is just moronic .
You do not root for the characters .
If you own the book or are familiar with his work you might be better off skipping this one .
But that one man is left to decide who to pick that he thinks he can marry and live happily ever after .
I doubt anyone could suspend their disbelief enough to keep this from seeming absolutely absurd .
The ending is absolutely unbelievable .
Or a bad painting you bought at a starving artists ' sale .
My biggest problem , however , was with the wardrobe .
I 'm not really sure how to even begin to describe how bad this movie is .
Few other people will be able to connect this thing to the ruin of their acting careers .
However , as an argument for ayurvedic medicine in general , this film fails miserably .
Not only does the plot change , but you might even ask yourself if your watching the same movie .
It has many bloody scenes that are not scary but just plain revolting .
But one thing that must be said is that the lacking script was very well matched up with the appalling acting .
Judging it on it 's own , it was pretty boring .
I did not think he could be so bad .
Even the crocodiles , who are mostly deaf , have all but left .
A dreadfully predictable ending to boot .
It 's not that it 's such a bad picture .
However , just having a very silly premise and a catchy theme song do not a good comedy make .
This movie is as bad as bad films get .
This movie unfortunately misses that , as so many others do .
Not only is the music far less satisfying , the scenes that link it all together are utterly terrible .
Characters were so cliché the story seemed like it could have been written by high school freshman drama student .
Everything is completely predictable and uninvolving .
The story itself was mostly annoyingly predictable .
He believes his daughter 's lack of good looks would ruin his fortune by marrying beneath their social status .
The storyline is so thin that they have to introduce guns and shootings in a ship that is about to sink .
This please feel sorry for the guy with the illness crap has run its course .
This was a very boring , amateurishly written and directed movie .
If he had been pulled from the movie everything might have been bearable .
To me it looks like double standards of morality from the director .
It was a way to attempt suspense in a movie that has none .
In the movie they screw all of that up .
The synopsis of this movie is about a promoter who wants to combine hair rock and wrestling .
Horrible formula slasher does not stray from the norm .
This has to be the worst movie ever targeted at children .
Shame on anyone who was associated with this film .
Imagine a woman alone in a house for forty five minutes in which absolutely nothing happens .
The person who wrote the script should be pushed off a cliff .
We do not care about the characters .
Of course that would add to the budget so they decided to fill the space with that wretched rerun .
Then those people should never be allowed to act , direct or film any thing but their own home movies .
It is all very predictable stuff and the end will not have anyone guessing as it is so poorly scripted .
Even though media was slow , word of mouth spreads fast and people would have known .
Although it 's supposed to be a horror movie of its kind .
Because , she apparently was the joke .
Detention would have been better if the bad guys had gotten to blow up the school .
The problem was in the script , the dialog , the direction , the editing , the sets and the special effects .
Characterization is thin at best , no thanks to weak dialogue and soporific direction .
It was actually quite bland and it was not very engaging at all .
By the end of the movie , you 're torn between wondering what might have been and trying to stay awake .
Here 's how it goes , more or less .
Doe which made the story far less intriguing .
Nothing of substance was discussed .
I would not call this a horror movie .
I am not saying that soft movies are bad .
The characters string out reams of diatribe and it never serves the film in any way whatsoever .
Superman ending up in a hospital just made me want to kill him off myself .
But if you were hoping for something with more substance , see a different movie .
I would not even recommend that it be rented in your video store .
I suppose he did all that to make up for the lack of a good story or dialogue .
Only one person walked out in disgust .
Rewrite the script and then either dub or subtitle it .
Bad news in a film where people spend a lot of time either naked or having sex .
That was a bad start and the movie went down from there .
The movie throws all of that away and imposes a moral frame on the story that simply does not fit .
That just shows this script has no originality whatsoever .
But it 's a stilted affair , with its strange , painted backdrops and mannered conversational tone .
Nothing but another hack savior figure .
I just wanted to see if it would have anything relevant in it .
Stories do not cost a thing except time ..... apparently , they did not have any time either .
How anyone convinced a film company to produce this movie beyond me .
This is a candidate for the single most disappointing movie experience of my lifetime .
At times there 's nothing more entertaining than a poorly made slasher flick .
It 's kinda like watching paint dry only a lot more confusing .
And unfortunately there is little besides the girls to help the plot from breaking .
This is made even more tedious during the many scenes done at night .
It 's plot ranges from cliché to simply preposterous .
Unfortunately that was not to be , and what should have been a twenty minute short is stretched beyond belief .
Total lack of character development and you wo not care about anybody .
The dialogue of the movie was absolutely horrendous .
I felt nothing at all when it had finished , just relief it was over .
Either way it was a cheap device in this movie because it did not work to create anything .
She fell asleep during some parts of the movie .
There is really nothing more to it .
Apparently he did not learn much during his stint in boarding school because he was locked up in the attic .
And like its predecessors , the acting is mediocre .
The only reason this movie was made was to capitalize on the cult following of the original .
The reason why was the movie contains scenes of child pornography and molestation .
I guess they could not just have the movie be silent , but still .
This one 's got even less empathy going for it .
The arrogance of these researchers is disgusting .
He certainly does not convince , try as he might , or create an interesting character .
The other characters are so cookie cutter they are ridiculous .
As bad as that is , it might have worked .
Completely shameless and completely predictable .
The performances are not the problem here , but the story is .
This could be an interesting topic .
I turned it off half way through because it was so bad .
There probably are two potentially interesting films here neither of which are well developed .
I would not watch this if it even ended up being some kind of porno movie , which it completely resembles .
At least that tried to be sort of real .
I even borrowed a kid from someone to get some feedback .
I have just seen this movie and have not read the book .
None of the characters had a shred of believability and were so incredibly unlikeable .
The rest did the job , but nothing amazing , nothing far from alright .
This film requires a mute button and fast forward feature .
I sort of accidentally ended up watching this movie .
It a source of wonder that it is not used in horror films more often .
Do yourself a favor and skip this one in the rental aisle .
But the premise to this movie alone is enough to put it near the bottom of the list of crappy movies .
The cast was better than this material .
Unfortunately , the curse is still there and people start dying on the set .
But anyone who thinks this film is better than mediocre needs a taste check .
These two factors really added to my headache .
Rottweiler they encounter on the street that could bite the little girls head off as a snack .
Oh , and the girlfriend was realllllllllly bad .
There is a very annoying chick who hitches rides with people and really pisses me off .
I wo not even write any plot spoilers because the movie just is not good enough for plot spoilers .
So we are left with a comedy of that period with little real appeal .
The script has them saying and doing things people would never do , at least anyone with a shred of decency .
Horrible camera work ... count the times the camera tries to remain steady on one person and ca not .
It also seemed as though the writers had no idea anything that had to do with the movie .
The film says nothing new or specific about the obsession with violence .
Not recommended on any level or in any way , one to avoid .
However , do not let the cover of this movie decieve you .
My suggestion for all you guys is , please avoid watching this movie at any cost .
I was completely amazed at just how bad it was .
This is the kind of humor with certain sequences that make you wonder if they 're supposed to be funny or not .
While many of them are , there are some that do not deserve this appellate in any way .
Again , forgivable if only the story did not just plain suck .
This movie should not be watched as it was meant to be a flop .
The dialogue , when it does come , is terrible .
But it takes no hard thinking to figure out how meaningless and dull this movie is .
There is some nudity , but it is of such abysmal quality that it actually acts as a sexual suppressant .
Howard 's commentary track is just awful .
The acting is brutal and unbearable .
Unfortunately , there 's very little else to recommend this seasonal stinker .
Dirt on the mystery machine window make you see light from the lighting on the windows ... annoying .
I was one for punishing myself by watching one terrible movie after another .
That 's not to suggest that this film is anything but crap , because it is not .
This is not the worst but still not to spectacular .
Schizophrenia is a mind structure , not a disease .
The dialogue is so painfully awful and delivered with the depth of a wading pool .
I honestly feel emotionally scarred .
However , considering the humorous reactions of the audience , they did not want a sequel but an apology .
The film seemed to be entirely filmed in the dark .
I laughed my head off in payback because this cartoon sucked so much .
One feels as if one of the threads had been pursued it could have been something worthwhile .
I suppose if you find a gorgeous blonde designed to be screwed ... find it here .
The grandma , firstly resembled a ghost , plus she was not funny at all but rather silly .
I thought the effects were horrible , but they might seem entertaining to younger children .
The visuals are dull , to say the least , and the dialog is to vague and monotone to be of any interest .
Possibly that could be the reason for the many plot holes we have .
The plot stays much the same as the original in terms of scene progression but is far worse .
Too bad such a serious subject and such great actors could create such a flop .
There did not seem to be any guns or weapons beyond cutting tools to hold them if they were unhappy .
Emraan can act but was really pathetic
This is the kind of movie you make if you want to put no effort into screenplay writing .
Individual creativity , talent , craft , ideas , all are sacrificed before the inane chatter of the masses .
I tried to remove anything that might be considered a spoiler .
While it did have some pyrotechnics in the final battle sequence it was lackluster due to a lack of choreography .
He looks like a person covered with rubber snow man skin .
Depressing and same old , same old .
It is very possibly the worst song ever recorded .
The parts we did see were only occasionally humorous , mostly either too silly or gross .
The very worst thing they could have done is cast an ethereally lovely , neotenous blond .
When the animal rapist tries to hit the mother 's son , the boyfriend defends him by breaking the rapist 's arm .
That means no milk , but the cat , to his relief , does find a bunch of canned tuna .
Plus , there is awful music blaring throughout .
I ca nt help it but i seem to like films that are meant to be scary and are just plain bad .
The other is a secret about the family 's past which seemed very tacked on and pointless .
I found it to be absolutely idiotic .
I was hoping this movie would get better , but it never achieved any degree of interest .
Sadly , those moments are few and far between .
I only watched it to the end in the vain hope that something interesting might happen ... but it did not .
Another problem with this movie is that its boring and probably the slowest movie ever made .
There 's not one scary , funny , or even interesting scene in this film .
I wo not make any direct references or anything here , but to say the least , this film is pathetic .
The villain is just another annoying crazy antagonist , no deepness , totally linear character .
I do not know , but this seems just to out there .
Cast to die for in a movie that is considerably less .
Oh and lots of gun fire , i mean a whole lot .
He is summarily kicked out of the kibbutz then for violent behavior against one of the kibbutz members .
I doubt he or she even watched the original movie .
The baby cries , and everyone looks very concerned .
I found it confusing and disjointed , despite the good acting , etc .
This is an embarrassment to everyone and everything used in making this joke .
This movie , it 's direction , the screenplay , and the acting were totally insufferable .
The dialog was almost laughable at some points .
Mohanlal is barely in the movie , but he impresses in his few scenes .
Roy was so busy trying to take his pants off that he forgot he left the gun unattended .
But even his performance is hobbled by the lifeless concert shooting .
This is one of those films that people feel required to love because the main character is slow .
They just talk to fast and do not open their enough for us to understand .
What a piece of junk this movie was .
The central conflict of the main character was uninvolving .
I could not figure out why they could not just turn it off , why not take a sledgehammer to it .
The movie lacks pace , for one thing .
Unless you understand wretched excess this movie wo not really mean much to you .
The story is disjointed and goes off in strange directions , to no conclusion .
I 'm offended by such nonsense presented under the guise of science .
All the better to roast that nosy cop in , my dear .
It 's not frightening in the slightest .
They were able to see the shoddy and ridiculous handling of this topic .
If you 're looking for a night of mindless laughs with very little redeeming value , go see it .
The acting is remarkably stiff and unconvincing .
If not , it basically disgusts you .
I was considering turning it off in the first five minutes ... which i probably should have .
Shame , actually , because this could have been a lot better story and movie .
However at many scenes they were somehow blocked by the bad scripting .
Forget about any blood or gore as there is not any apart from a decapitated head .
The little kid in this movie is annoying , and the whole situation is bullshit .
This film has absolutely no substance .
Money is depicted as the only important thing to young people .
I found this movie excruciatingly dull .
Unfortunately , there is often no resolution to these moments .
But without a realistic backdrop , such characters are pointless .
At least the old porno has a point .
Ziab la ta ' kol al lahem is an awful movie .
The grieving couple decide to move to an isolated cabin in the mountains .
I think that the major problem in this film is his lack of sensibility .
Up to then , it s a comedy that intends to be frothy , but lacks any real fizz .
Only the fat guy does not get a girl .
Steenburgen is given little to do , everything 's formulaic , and you have to wonder why they even bothered .
Usually , that kind of character is supposed to demonstrate some kind of talent or brilliance .
It 's a shame they did not have a good story to tell .
It 's a shame they did not have a good story to tell .
The reasoning is completely ridiculous , and the conclusions do not logically follow from quantum theory .
You do not believe anything from the get go as a result .
In sequels you are not meant to change the characters unless it is for a special reason .
My biggest concern regarding the whole project , is the quality of the releases .
I do not care , do not want to know .
When the actors begin to be acceptable , the direction falls to pieces .
Imagine someone whose competence with a camera could be out done by a monkey .
Still , this is far too little to give this film a positive rating , let alone a recommendation .
That 's basically what it boils down to .
The film goes on and eventually he gets together with the daughter of the family .... blah blah blah .
The whole movie comes off as a bunch of meaningless scenes thrown together haphazardly , to meaningless effect .
Apart from the above mentioned incident this monotonous slash flick was a complete bore .
It 's just too bad they were put in such a horribly adapted film with the wrong lead actor .
The characters are mostly caricatures .
In fact , some of the scenes were not far from being unintentionally comedic as they were .
The film is loaded to the brim with ridiculous lines and clichés .
I caught this film halfway through , but.oh.dear.god.it.sounds.like.they're.all.reading.from.scripts .
But this unbelievable piece of junk ended his acting career once and for all .
Most of the dialogue is way too flat to be sophisticated , much less amusing .
Truly bad and easily the worst episode
The script is unintentionally funny .
I do not really want to get too into detail if you want to sadly see this movie .
Lee gives it a nugget of credibility , but even he can not raise it above the level of crap .
It was not even so bad it was good , it 's just bad .
There 's far too much stock footage used .
Or maybe the whole thing was just pants .
Unfortunately , he is not convincing enough to pay tribute to his father .
It could have been a decent movie , but it left me with a bitter taste in my mouth .
Some aspects of the movie , particularly dialogue , are unintentionally funny .
Sean does not have an adequate explanation .
It 's impossible for me to objectively consider this movie .
The highlight of this terrible movie involves
Then the plot did not seem to make sense .
However , the characters on this show are nothing like those in the movie .
Boris does his best and give him credit for trying to hold this mess together .
He then realizes that he had some memory loss , and starts recalling what happened .
There was no narrative flow that made any sort of sense .
This movie is more funny and ridiculous , than scary .
I guess there was no appeal other than a plain vanilla movie .
Dumb is as dumb does , in this thoroughly uninteresting , supposed black comedy .
Dumb is as dumb does , in this thoroughly uninteresting , supposed black comedy .
They do not even live there any more ... they live in town and come out only for the weekend .
Obviously they did not hire a real animal expert or they would know that the creature is a croc .
Virtually no blood shed , and no excitement whatsoever .
Again , what really does the movie in is how badly all the actors are .
Third , it had the worst soundtrack of any movie ever .
In the end , this is one instance where it 's true that you 're much better off to just read the book .
Very disappointing choice by the makers of this film .
Do not spend a lot of money on this .
She 's done some good films , and i was hoping this would be just as good .
Whipped is purely a sick male fantasy that 's as flat as it is annoying .
It should be obvious at a point in the movie what this solution is .
Besides , he was the only main actor that sounded right to me .
There is nothing else quite like it .
The ending was just stupid and tacked on .
The rest of this movie really is not worthy of mention .
It is uniformly draggy , ugly , and one of the very worst big movies ever made .
The characters are morons and entirely forgettable .
Basically it is a horror movie disguised as an action film .
It did here as this actually dragged for awhile .
I understand this was supposed to be a clever reference for the horror fans , but it was not clever at all .
The rest of the playing is merely average by a reasonable cast in their underwritten stereotyped roles .
The special effects are way beyond lousy .
The acting is , well , perhaps about dinner theater comparable , and the accents are atrocious .
It 's basically just a dark humorist senseless slasher film , which the name implies .
There 's really no point to this scene .
If you are looking for a film for amusement , or a film to make you shake your head in embarrassment , go for it .
Even the kid is rather annoying at first in this one , and they kind of chill him out in the sequel too .
But the new characters are just not interesting .
Do yourself a favor and rent the original movie .
The dialogs are so lame that this so called thriller got laughs out of the few fools that got into the theatre .
On the way there , he meets up with an incredibly untalented theater troop .
The cheap production values do not help .
Just take my advice , do not even watch this movie .
No , this was not a continuity error , it was plain old torture of the flora .
Ron even goofs up on the possibilities presented by imagined realities .
Hough this is one seriously dull horror film .
But that 's only part of the problem .
I took me ten minutes to realize that i had wasted my precious thirty rupees .
Unfortunately , it 's borderline painful to sit through with its convoluted narrative and glacial pace .
It 's about four teenagers that unwittingly spend the day on a wooden pallet in the middle of an isolated lake .
Even if you had to kill an hour or two , get something else to do besides watching this movie .
Skip it , even if your life depends upon it .
The ' twist ' ending is telegraphed and weak .
There is not much gore , there are a few scenes of an axe going into people bodies but nothing memorable .
And there is no development at all .
The humor is weak except for some shots .
It needs no man to fall from the stars to save them .
This has got to be in my top five worst movies of all time .
I have never been so blown away by how bad and pointless a movie can be .
How stupid did the director think we 'd be .
It 's impossible to redeem something this bad .
The reference just dies somewhere in the script .
Instead he decides to shoot a chopped up play with random comments sprinkled throughout .
Not only is the plot so old , but the outcome is so predictable , it 's boring .
This is a really , really bad movie .
Otherwise it 's run of the mill and forgettable .
No romance here , no comedy either .
Slow , dull movie , with some laughs , but few and not very funny anyway .
There are some very funny scenes , but they are far too few and separated by way too many boring ones .
The low budget graphics would be forgivable if they were interesting , or even somewhat integral to the script .
This is a very bad film which unfortunately has been hailed as one of the deadliest horror films ever made .
This alone makes the movie extremely comical , but in that annoying way .
However , somewhere in the middle it seemed like the script writers did not know where to go from there .
This movie lacks so much sense and credibility that it ai not even funny .
Her serious roles are even more ludicrous than her musical appearance here .
It just seems like a movie made for kids to learn to be okay being gay .
And unfortunately for theater patrons , alcohol is not served .
This is just one major example how the book and movie are different .
Just when things could not get any more absurd the story goes off on its own nonsensical tangent .
Unfortunately the story line is hard to follow and not a lot happens in the movie .
Perhaps , the punishment should have been on the writers for failure to create a cohesive film .
Cheap and bad uses of stock footage of riders falling off horses .
The final thread of plot has her husband needing to place her for observation in a mental asylum .
Saving graces were the three main characters in the first half of the movie , especially the female lead .
The first branch was too flimsy and not funny .
I think these people giving such good reviews are just trying to hype the movie for marketing purposes .
Here we do not see fancy or good imagery , it looks as if shot with your home camera .
Nearly no joke is worth the paper is was written on .
I did laugh though , at how unbelievably bad the film was .
Do not watch this unless you are under ten , or actually like crappy tween movies .
That being said , this film has no value .
This however , was not even a guilty pleasure , it was just crap .
It does not make a point , or at least , not a valid one .
This film lacks almost all artistic qualities .
You just sit there watching feeling nothing .
And , the very last scene is just plain stupid .
The differences are obvious of course .
There is nothing good going on here with all the beats as predictable as night following day .
I have a thing for trashy horror movies , but this is the kind of trash that gives trash a bad name .
There often quite lame , morale dedicative , and just plain .
Kid said it was stupid , and he was four years old .
If the rest of the cast had been up to her caliber , the movie might have been better .
A bad movie that ca not really be watched at any time of year .
Guinness must have his worst acting performance ever .
I was very disappointed by this movie .
Maria 's acting is so dry that lacks any feeling whatsoever , her most intense moments seem almost comical .
Instead of wearing sexy clothes like she usually does , in this movie she does not .
Please , save yourself an hour and a half and do something more productive .
So for me this movie just fails as it does not excite me at all , but rather turns me off .
Forgive me for stating the obvious , but some films are good and some films are bad .
The dialogue was not camp , and does not even rise to the level of cheese .
I do not mind the style so much as the poor overuse of it .
I guess no one could answer this question , so they just jumped to the other scene hiding these little details .
It moved very slowly and was just boring .
This movie was like a bad train wreck , as horrible as it was , you still had to continue to watch .
It 's a pretentious effort form a so called documentary director or whatever .
But here it may have just been a lack of original thought .
This movie should not have even be made .
This movie is just as bad as any of today 's horrible horror .
A worker at the research lab goes into the animal room to discover the monkeys have been let out of their cages .
I hate this sort of melodramatic crap .
Begins , however , is a very dull movie .
The picture trys to be artistic but fails to pay attentions to the fundamentals of story telling .
But then ... things become worse ...
I ca not believe somebody took money to write them .
This movie was not that bad when compared to the first two sequels to the original .
The movie was too serious , too overdone , had too much of a plot and was not even remotely as funny .
I found myself wincing uncomfortably at many moments that were supposed to be funny .
None of the three stories is really original or distinguished either .
That 's what is looked like they were doing .
Somewhere , out there , there must be a list of the all time worst gay films every made .
There is a plot , but who cares when there 's no script .
As long as you understand that nothing 's real then nothing can really harm you .
Apparently box office expectations are considerably down for this movie .
We expected this film to be badly inspirational so that we might remake it and put it on the tube .
The plot was lose and flaccid , the acting was mostly dry and unbearable in some parts .
In order to keep the viewers interested they just made sure there was blood every few minutes .
Even he looks utterly embarrassed to be in it , mumbling his lines and hiding his face from the camera .
I was extremely disappointed with this film .
Yes , there are unlikeable characters .
Even in itself , the fighting is rather poor .
The characters were cardboard and unable to evoke any kind of sympathy .
What this film really is , is ... depressing .
After all , it 's supposed to be gay ... not glum .
No one normal would not behave the way the main character behaves .
The acting was atrocious the plot was so flimsy it would or is that should have blew away in a breath of wind .
The idea was actually somewhat clever , but the director stunk .
During the film , there is a group of people walked out .
This stalk and slash turkey manages to bring nothing new to an increasingly stale genre .
A huge amount of stars have worked on this film .
And , the mob does not get the treatment that they did in the book .
The monster appears with little to no explanation .
The main character of the movie is extremely childlish and unlikeable and behaves in unpolite way .
We were never allowed to get close enough to any of the characters to care about them .
A virtual cornucopia of shitty lines and poor acting .
There 's nothing wrong with a popcorn movie to keep you off the streets .
Then the orders someone to call the police .
Interesting that this was said ingenue 's only film role .
Unfortunately the film did not deliver .
It 's all so dull , you will cease to care about anything or anyone .
I mean there is a snake in one of them people .
Almost nothing happens in the movie .
The film is historically just too incorrect .
Maybe if it was free ... naaah , it would still be a waste of time .
There is the ritual strapping on of black leather , ugly guns , and even uglier knives .
The dialogue is pretty bad but not near as bad as the acting .
The supporting cast are all far more likeable and interesting , but are unfortunately never developed .
It just left such a dirty , nasty , ugly taste in my mouth . . .
The ending was as terrible as the rest of series .
I was really looking forward to those
The joke about the semen was not just funny because it involved bodily fluids .
I do not even know if you can forgive movies that are this bad .
I can not pay attention because it is boring .
Because the stupidity of it seemed to have made me go insane .
Basing a key element of a story on someone wearing the wrong hat is trite and contrived .
The plot was kind of weak and the lines were pretty corny .
As a result , half of the music in the film does not fit the scenes at all .
This cowardly and offensive film had me intrigued to begin with .
The acting is dull when it should be passionate and comical when it should be serious .
Blair 's pregnant victim becomes possessed with her hair standing on end speaking in another woman 's voice .
Oh yeah , the killer before this kill stopped off at a party and had some fun too .
For those who have not let me fill you in .
Things seemed to happen , but with no explanation of what was causing them or why .
Not many of the characters seemed to be very interesting .
She has a teenage daughter which only highlights that she is not getting any younger .
The film portrays the kibbutz like some sort of cult .
This movie just feels like a student film .
It 's just too bad that this one made it to the big screen .
Well , the squeaky wheel gets the grease , and the old gang saddles up for the city .
Lilly , the film script is obsessively pretentious and completely arbitrary .
It takes no time to discover how catastrophic this intellectual turkey is .
I hope he got paid well for this lousy movie .
Maybe a few details , but nothing too plot related .
I am disappointed that such nice cars would be represented in such a bad movie .
The film made no statement , squandered time , and is not engaging or worthy enough for thoughtful investment .
Do not watch it , though , if you are hoping for a condensed version of the book .
Whether or not that actually took place , it should not have been a major portion of the movie .
The whole escapade is so ridiculous that it can only be regarded as light entertainment .
In a way it reflects how he really is not and in the process ends up looking just as stupid as those people .
Also , every single thing in this movie was so predictable .
No wonder this went straight to cable .
The plot is a cheap rehash of the first , which is weird , since it 's supposed to be a prequel , not a sequel .
Pretty useless and even more dumber .
This is a movie that you should really pass on .
There is no real horror or tension built up and the dialogs are often cheesy .
The daughter is a witch with a b and the son is just a complete brat .
Acting is uninspired and perfunctory .
My advice is to skip this one or at least keep a pot of coffee nearby to keep you awake .
There 's just not much to get very excited about .
The characters felt cardboard and stereotypical .
A kissing scene in this movie even sucked .
What should have been funny , or at least telling , comes out rather pathetic .
It is not even so bad that it 's good in an unintentional way .
Giving up herself , so her daughter can be associated with a bunch of bigoted snobs is disgusting .
Scary old black man telling them not to build the pool in the yard .
The only problem with that kind of movies is the quality of the pelicule .
They could have just menaced him , made him drop the contract , eaten it then walked off with the kids .
Jones can not make up for the rest ...
I basically skimmed through the movie but just enough to catch watch the plot was about .
Someone truly failed to understand the point of an introduction , namely , the setting up of the plot .
Neither did i until i watched this movie .
I think it was an attempt to rip off
But the story that then develops lacks any of the stuff that these opening fables display .
It also barely had any gadgets and was mainly there to get him from place to place .
Unfortunately that is also one of the signs of a movie that ca not support itself .
In fact they seemed like they were inserted to fill in time .
Too bad she only appears in one other film in the database .
A silly action film without much creativity .
Maybe that may have been the problem .
Forget about any blood or gore as there is not any .
The dialogue , particularly the romantic dialogue , is terrible .
I just watched it to see how bad it could be .
We have much better stories to tell that do not have to be so preachy .
In fact , when the characters move outside the house , bright sunlight is visible illuminating the treetops .
Vampires are usually portrayed as sexy and intelligent or mangy disgusting creatures .
I sat and cringed from the start until the end at the very poor way that this had been put together .
Large chunks of time spent away from the tomatoes are pretty dull .
Complete and utter rubbish on every level .
Massacre honestly looked like a children 's film project .
We never really find out the answer to what was going on which is very strange , so please avoid this dog .
The script is terrible , the film is overdone , and the story goes nowhere .
I really have no idea how to comment on this movie .
Worth a look but ultimately disappointing .
And the fact that it 's a children 's movie is absolutely no excuse .
I am actually curious to see something that could top this steaming pile of horse dung .
Naturally , it 's the woman below the sea .
Okay , the two stooges who wrote this crapper .
Inspite of the hype created over the movie , the movie failed miserably .
A fun concept , but poorly executed .
This is merely an advertising promo for the director , actors , et. al .
It 's nothing like the first and it we nt entirely too slow .
Beside the clips there are hardly any dialogs let alone music .
Not to mention it would not entertain them in the slightest .
Additionally , he starts to appear very unhealthy .
All the stories of the people involved in the movie are unsubstantial , boring and not interesting .
It would be an insult because frankly ..
Contrived plot twists , poor dialogue and unresolved issues abound .
The movie starts out with a few stereotypical college kids on an island doing some kind of treasure hunt .
Overall , this is a rather awful film .
Just another film to try and capture the essence of already tired and annoying stereotypes .
It 's just functional , but achieves this by being merely generic and derivative .
The actors and actresses are talented and professional and so do not make the film any worse with their acting .
In addition to this the voice talents do nothing remarkable , the music is nothing special .
There was nothing charming about her at all .
Just grinding and unpleasant to sit through .
The head that falls down , however , is not that guy 's head .
I love bad special effects , bad acting , bad music , and inept direction .
Does not interest even in curiosity .
This is a dull movie with lots of long stretches where little happens .
I am so insulted by this movie , it 's not even funny ...
This movie is easily the worst of the series .
The plot creeps at glacial speeds dissipating what tension it might have had .
This guy 's approach is not very good or maybe too much airplane glue .
True ther are some humorous sides to the movie , but in general it was just plain awful .
Clooney looked as ill as we felt watching him .
This is a horrid disaster of a film .
It 's boring from the first minute to the last .
There is nothing funny about any of the ' jokes ' and the canned laughter is unbearable .
I guess when you have a budget that basically amounts to zero , you ca not afford to hire real voice actors .
Their worst performer will be a million times better than this trash .
If anything , being older just makes you a better judge of a terrible film .
The film might be interesting for low budget movie designers as a bad example .
Instead , every racing scene is buried under what is supposed to be a heroic musical score .
The screenplay writers must have been medicated when they submitted this script .
The monster itself is laughable as it rears its ugly rubbery head for the anticlimactic ending .
I mean he risks his life first , then does nothing exactly when he should have .
The movie does not look cheap really at all .
I could not bear to sit through he entire movie .
This film looked promising but it was actually pretty bad .
But in the mean time avoid this like the plague .
Watch at your own peril , it 's not even funny because it 's so bad , it 's just bad .
The characters are uninteresting as pointed out by other reviewers on this site .
The only explanation for her remark is that it was in the script .
There are no words to describe how terrible it is .
The creature is ludicrous and its victims are simply despicable .
Everything was all over the place , relationships had no backbone , the ending had no lead in .
She seems lost , she seems tired , she seems ill at ease , going through autopilot instead of living the part .
But this one seemed to have been run into the ground .
Nearly does not belong in that sentence .
I lost all respect for the entire cast of this movie no more support from me .
It is unfunny from the very opening , to the tacked on scene during the credits .
The acting is horrible from the leads to the supporting roles .
My problems with this movie are not the animation , but basically the way it was constructed .
He does not listen and somehow ends up in the arctic battling the revenge crazed whale .
There was not one single redeeming factor in this movie .
Many of the events were not coherent , and ending up being confusing .
Many of the events were not coherent , and ending up being confusing .
A mysterious letter turns up from an old girlfriend asking for help in finding her missing daughter .
I do not think that motivations are always wrong by default , just because war in itself is terrible .
There were so many different shooting and editing techniques used that it was a production mess .
Tybalt then grabs the offended region .
I have nothing good to say about this movie .
The only redeeming quality is the outrageous gore .
There is not one single sincere sounding line in the entire movie .
Under the messy direction and editing , there was a glimmer of something good .
Had there been some brief prologue or introduction the story would 've been better .
Strange , as an established actress , she should 've been the best of the group , but turned out the worst .
Worthy perhaps , but dull nonetheless .
I worked with the bomb guys more than once and have nothing but respect for them .
That is why this film is so disappointing . . . they have a lot more comic ability than endless scat jokes .
I watched this movie purely for the setting .
The premise is not a difficult one to run wild with .
The rest was ... well pretty boring .
There could have been maybe some mystery but there is not .
The premise is idiotic and the portrayals were the same .
Told in a retrospect from the perspective of one of the girls revisiting the school .
It 's not really as bad as it seems ....
No acting talent at all , very stupid reasoning , and just down right dumbbells .
Putting their lives on the line for someone they could not even be sure was not a traitor .
It 's freaking stupid , it 's an insult to your intelligence .
At this date , it seems lumbering and tame .
Yes there are worse movies out there .
It seems that the family is plagued by an illness that affects bad acting ... sorry , my little joke .
That s true but that s no excuse for such a dumb plot .
It 's not even bad enough to be funny .
It was supposed to be a satire , but they failed .
This movie pulled me in then just spit me out .
This is total ' amateur night at the slasher house ' stuff .
The directing is fair , and the script is a little better than the material deserved .
Camera and editing adds to the general impression of lame .
You can kill time by counting them if there happens to be an otherwise boring scene going on .
Even that was ruined though by a terrible and unneeded rape scene .
The musical sequences are lame and the animation is crap .
Madison is just a jerk who gets unrealistically lucky .
I too had to fast forward through most of this movie .
So it will be good for him to concentrate more on script and try some variations in his direction .
The storyline becomes very preachy .
It 's hard to hear the same joke twice , but for a whole movie that is just pure torture .
Thirdly , you have to give even a lame slasher flick props .
No talent , no training , no problem .
Written and acted by sincere amateurs , produced by some exploitation monger , this is dull and hard to watch .
When it is not crude it 's idiotic .
All they have to go on is a photo of a young girl standing by an ornate music box .
It really is hard to determine how bad the acting is when you have dubbing this abysmal .
The actors are generally pretty competent given the mediocre writing that they had to translate onto the screen .
If you have not watched this film yet , avoid it like the plague .
I felt nothing for the character and less for his cause .
It looked like they made it over a weekend at some bankrupt resort somewhere .
Pacing is a large problem with the movie .
This already started in the opening sequence and only got worse .
But in this movie we needed someone to like .
And the general boredom and lack of inspiration show .
I would not recommend any adult or child see this unless they are rampaging murderers already .
Instead they 're stuck in these vignettes by themselves .
Pointless short about a bunch of half naked men slapping and punching each other .
This movie starts slow , then tapers off .
We were all telling other class members not to see it because it was so horrible .
I believe the doctor refers to this as treatment .
I wonder what could have possibly made the network think this was a good idea to air .
It was neither frightening or scary , just repulsive .
As bad as they were , the actors are the only good thing about this .
Thread bare plot , bad acting , bad visual effects .
This movie was horribly inaccurate .
There is much better material out there .
I do not think anyone can actually conceive the amount of money she possesses .
Stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid .
That would have been much more interesting .
Earth might have fallen in the hands of apes , for example .
There was absolutely no story or plot , just things happening .
Unfortunately , the movie never followed suit .
The problem seems to be with mainly the directors .
This black and white production runs for less than an hour .
Boobies , bad dialogue , and wacky music .
The fact they are not ' car people ' is painfully obvious , and their passing will not be grieved .
Well , it 's not actually terrible , but it 's definitely cheap and mediocre .
Not only were the women competitive , but they were also confident and catty .
But instead somehow evil is defeated .
The only thing that could have made it worse would be adding the perishable token ethnic ' companion ' .
Unfortunately , the filmmakers take it no further .
The plot is disgraceful and at points we was so bored we was wondering what the hell was going on .
Bad dialog , bad acting , bad ending .
Whatever the storyline , it was just a wrestling event .
I also do not believe the director spent much time around a golf country club , either .
This is the version that even the author hated , because it 's so schmaltzy .
I get tired of endlessly stupid , careless , wimpy , ineffective , arrogant characters in a movie .
Not worth watching , honestly , even for kids .
It may end up embarrassing them for having such poor judgment as to get involved in such a loser .
Everything he did in this film was unconvincing .
After the first bomb is defused , it feels as if there is no longer a reason to watch the film any more .
If you 're looking for a good movie to watch with your family , skip this one .
Too bad the movie did not concentrate more on that .
Gates ... ... oh boy ... ... presses a button and a door opens .
Maybe the idea is not so rotten but it is not done with any degree of artistry from a film making point of view .
It 's a completely predictable story that goes nowhere .
Segal runs out of bullets and resorts to a knife to kill the guards .
It starts with a seemingly bad girl killing a bunch of nuns in a mission .
Just listing to the voice over and the horrible music made me sick .
But even seeing those moments again did not save the episode .
That would be stupid considering new laws that add length to a prison term if a person is gang related .
Please do not let the cover of this movie fool you .
But there is really little development of any of them .
I feel like such an idiot for renting this movie based strictly on the box .
It 's rather that it 's just downright ... mediocre .
It failed to engage me either intellectually , emotionally or aesthetically .
Dialogue is completely unbelievable and illogical .
It suppose to be a realistic movie , but it fails to show .
After being a prodigy child actress she descended into obscurity with mediocre films of low quality .
The main problem is that the actions of the characters make no sense at all .
This might have been justified if there was entertainment value to the movie but there 's none .
All they want to do is somehow pay off some mortgage or something .
The reason is partly the stiff acting but mostly the writing and directing .
I mean , the script was not stellar to begin with , but the actors did not make me believe the relationships .
And that girl who plays the country singer is just sickening .
This movie joins the club of movie sequels that should have just been left alone .
Though the writing was atrocious , the premise had some merits .
By reading the box at the video store this movie looks rather amusingly disturbing .
The whole movie seems like they just randomly filmed whatever happened without scripting anything .
The employees at the video store should have slapped me for bringing this title to the counter .
However , the film does not even follow through with this .
The stories are hollow and cheesy , so the audience ca not connect with any single one of them .
The cast is very good but unfortunately for them the script did not alow them to engage the audience .
It 's too bad the filmmakers followed it up with an outrageously stupid ending that comes out of left field .
I can not say enough bad things about this train wreck .
The only item of interest really , is that the filmmakers did in fact film on location .
And with a ridiculous happy ending .
The action sequences lack zip , drive , motivation , and are tissue thin .
Nothing worthy happens during the entire movie including the end .
The plot in this story was so imbecilic and just plain dumb .
The following may contain spoilers or might just save your sanity .
All in all , it 's empty and crude , pitiful and hopeless .
I think he 's supposed to be funny and amusing , but he just ends up coming off as a tool .
I m thinking of cat in the hat books .
Too bad , then , that he 's out of the film so quickly .
There was no talking car in the cartoon .
It 's almost like you 're wishing that they 'd all die sooner .
And to bill it as a satirical satire would be just plain insulting even to chimps .
No one seems to want anything to look , well , worn .
There was obviously no money for lighting , filming , sets , location , scriptwriters , editors , actors ...
But the scarecrows are the biggest weakness in this very weak flick .
Not only was there no plot but the film also lacked a notable conflict .
Then , he escapes and is chased about the place where he meets a cute girl who also wants to escape .
The jokes were vulgar , and they were just not funny .
I really felt sorry for her for all the totally unnecessary nudity she was put through .
But instead it comes off as being downright creepy .
The action star is quickly fading away and seems to be getting worse with every performance .
The result is terrible and loaded with plot holes .
Run away screaming from this movie if at all possible .
There is absolutely no value in watching it .
Budget constraints for the film should be obvious to anyone who watches even just the opening title sequence .
Posse scare me more ... and they 're supposed to look stupid .
I think this movie was supposed to be shocking .
There 's not much of a plot to the movie .
These two are supposed to be in a love affair , and there is simply no chemistry whatsoever .
One absurd act after another with dialogue does not make a movie , it only makes a talkative train wreck .
Meanwhile , black hooded cult members decapitate , gouge out eyeballs and slit throats .
Obviously the screenwriter does not know the definition of a sucker bet .
I was physically ill after watching this film .
Dialogue was sorely needed to compensate for the lack of acting .
To further lower my opinion , a desperate and sure sign of a bad movie is how much scantily clad women there are .
This movie is incomprehendably bad .
He basically exploits the mentally challenged .
The cops blast away at the jeep with gary and company blasting away at them .
There is simply no use in trying to glorify any part of this film .
So save yourself the agony and just do not see it .
This is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile .
This is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile .
This is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile .
This is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile .
Yeah , you get it , a stupid rhyming genie who ca not act , in a stupid movie with horrible special effects .
The problem is that when there is no plot to speak of , creepy images and sounds can only go so far .
Okay , that 's about it on the positive side .
There is no reason to care about any of the characters , which is why we threw in the towel halfway through .
If you 're choosing between that and this , read a book instead .
I have a strong stomach , but wow that was horrible .
One can not say that this film did not open the door , but the struggle comes from the story itself .
And when he tried to , it failed miserably .
On the box cover , we see a picture of our hero , and the dragon .
She looks worse and worse with every one of those years , increasingly coming to resemble a skinned meerkat .
I had to track down a copy several weeks later to make sure it was really this awful .
I felt nothing towards the characters and had no connection to any part of the story .
Time is too precious to be wasted on crap like this .
So just turning it off would not be a very good idea .
Sadly , none of the many parts are even good .
The latter are at least done professionally , with no amateur actors .
This is inexplicable and unnecessary .
The comedian he 's jealous of is obnoxious .
I was physically ill after watching this movie .
It 's like someone came up with a bunch of random ideas , chewed them up and swallowed , then vomited out a film .
The dialogue is very bad and the delivery of it is wooden .
I tried to finish this film three times , but it 's god awful .
The man rushes to a dead rabbit on the doctors desk and tries to give it mouth to mouth .
The utter failure of movie starts when director could not work on the close friendship between our heroz .
At least the ending does not fall flat .
The musical numbers only contribute to the boredom that sets in and lingers for the entire movie .
Also , the way the foster parents died was just plain ridiculous .
The is it a dream or no plot is so terrible that frustration sets in within a few minutes .
It is a weak attempt at gross out humor .
He is not mysterious , creepy , or scary .
I was looking forward to this ride , and was horribly disappointed .
Nothing against the music itself , it was just in the wrong parts of the movie .
I usually let that slide , but here it just goes too far .
The story is so diabolically clever that one has to wonder about the mortality of its authors .
The movie might have been more insightful if it was not filled with clichés .
Shes not even a werewolf , but a schizo chick whose ancestor was hanged for lycanthropy .
The movie is far from funny , and the story is ridiculous .
Some of the fictionalisations here do not make sense .
On a surface it has artsy appearance , but in this particular case is nothing more than lack of talent .
Finally , the production values are very poor , too , making the film look second rate at all times .
The movie could 've been funnier if someone had really paid attention to it and had a better cast .
Greenaway obviously wants to make the point that sexual fantasy does not lead to happiness .
It just did not work and we were left with a jam in which we were completely stuck .
Average viewers looking for any sense of internal coherence in a film should probably give this one a pass .
The patriarch of the company has recently passed away , so the companies future might be in question .
They are so unbelievably formulaic .
His accent was all over the map too .
But nothing but feeding the script to a dragon could have fixed it .
I always let out a groan of disappointment when a sequel replaces civilian characters with the military .
In fact , some numbers are just there to show us topless women .
The jokes were lame and not funny at all .
For me as an aspiring theatre director it was almost painful to watch .
It is so ridiculous it left me more mad than anything else .
As a result , one of my favorite actor 's got stuck in a poorly made vehicle which never got off the ground .
Many of the characters are so obnoxious , that you root for the creature to shut them up .
I wo not waste your time with the plot , you may read other reviews .
There are simply huge gaps in the story and dialogue .
My advice is to save your money , go shopping , treat yourself , just do not go and see this film ...
I was so disappointed by this show .
The film had no script to test any actors acting skill or ability .
No one could pay me enough to sit through this stinker a second time .
It seems they used a home video camera to shoot this film and let a young child do it .
If you have read the book , skip the movie and reread it .
I ca not even begin to describe how poor this film is .
I guess this was the first screenplay he 's ever worked on .
The giant animals are majority made by computer generator and seem totally lousy .
I can think of no other way itd pass script stage .
However , they forget that the show itself stinks .
He does imitations of famous people and accents , and has some truly awful lines .
I really enjoyed lucio fulci movies but this one was horrible .
There 's no such thing as a good bad movie .
This may have been an attempt to create atmosphere or to hide how fake everything looks .
As far as casting is concerned a lot of the acting seemed constipated .
I ca not imagine anyone , even those making money off of this , rating it even as much as average .
Then , there is a random one awaiting victims in the jungle ... which scares me for one sole reason .
There was not really much to the plot , and the movie just drug on and on .
It 's edgy so let 's not waste any time lighting the film .
A random weapon appears out of nowhere to kill the victim in question .
That women singer whats her name can not act , and we see why her film carrier died .
Then it ceases to be interesting or even make much sense .
The filmmakers tried hard , but the movie seems awfully sloppy to me .
I could not find any moment in this film that was creepy or scary .
Here we have a film that goes absolutely nowhere .
Totally uninvolving , slow , tedious and detached .
Oh , if she does not do this then her father is dead .
The animal stuff is generally not amusing .
Too bad , this film does not contain any of this and every joke misses the spot .
The problem is , the parts that are supposedly funny is not even funny .
She sounded as if she was almost asleep , no expression at all with the few lines she had .
Besides that , my first impulse would be to put this sorry piece of trash down and go rent something else .
Offer has not written or directed anything else and it 's no surprise why .
For being low budget , the special effects were not bad either .
A do not do this or this might happen element which adds to the tension but there 's nothing of the sort here .
To begin with , the first twenty minutes of the film could have been compressed into just five or maybe ten .
They 're like ten ft. away , they hit absolutely nothing .
Unfortunately , the first paragraph is where any remote elements of film quality stop .
You 're not going to shoot those little creatures .
It is a plot less , incoherent shambles that brings little entertainment .
I could not figure out when somebody was angry or had a grudge against someone .
Tedious , ahistorical , cheap and nasty trash .
This film feels like you 're watching the home movie of someone who does not get out much .
They kinda need to quit trying to make movies outta books .
The cinematography is decent , unfortunately there is zero suspense .
The film just has no real redeeming qualities whatsoever ... even the dialog is bad .
My main problem was that this was someone 's first film and you could obviously tell .
The film then becomes ultra gory and ultra pointless .
The whole story was stupid , the acting was uninspired , the ' drama ' was emotionless .
Sadly , a good editor was not working on this movie .
I am an avid movie goer and have seen previews for this movie for months .
Here is where the main problem with the movie begins .
And any movie can be ruined by too much singing .
Characters just stand around with nothing to do .
We had swearing guy , fat guy who eats donuts , goofy foreign guy , etc .
I do not know , hopefully not a sequel .
In this case it is not a bad plot but hardly a plot at all .
However , surely he could have found one who could also act .
No amount of cliche 's such as this can disguise the fact that this is a pretty bad story .
Maybe the film maker 's next attempt will be better .
The script is something a teenager would come up with if given five minutes to prepare ...
I felt like i was watching a very bad remake of the movie saw .
While the original titillates the intellect , this cheap remake is designed purely to shock the sensibilities .
The comedian 's reason for making this movie seems questionable .
The writing is quite bad , even for college films .
The plot was real lousy if you think about it .
It has bad dialogue badly performed in a meandering and trashy story .
Meanwhile he guards his girl who now works in the mall and tries to forget her loss
Do not blame historical inaccuracy for the fact that you just did not dig it .
They 're too focus on sensationalism that everything they talk about comes off as a commercial product .
Yes , the rating for this movie is low , but the reviews are mostly positive or even raving .
The directing is pedestrian , and only accentuates how bad the script is instead of helping to improve it .
Yet , like a train wreck , one can not merely look away .
Maybe there was too much going on and a lack of ability to reign it all in .
But in the end it 's just dull and it is hard to find anything interesting in it .
But at the same time , it goes too far the other direction .
I could keep picking apart , but that might get almost as boring as this episode was .
Do yourself a favor and rent the original .
Foxx was annoying , without character lines , and a complete bag of cheese .
Just imagine a predictable soap opera transformed into a comic farce .
The whole production had an incredibly dark and dreary feel to it .
Whoever did the casting on this thing was way off .
It s plot is stretched far too thin .
Characters are over exaggerated , poor acting and as for a plot ... well it is utterly ridiculous .
I laughed out loud during all the serious scenes and was bored throughout the rest .
The story was horrible , and the ending was something i despise .
I think the author 's attempt was to demonstrate the utter banality and hollowness of the capitalist system .
And they might be tempted to wander upstairs when they have just been told that a rabid killer is up there .
Otherwise pick almost any other film comedy and it wo not be any worse .
It is a reminder that these types of comedies try nothing new , there all the same , they take no chances .
The acting was atrocious , the plot completely implausible .
No tripod and no proper microphone either , there sound quality is terrible .
This time there are only three stories instead of five .
The idea was good but horribly exploited .
Who does this kind of stupid stuff to make people think that you are pregnant .
The cast is either just going through the motions , or they have little to work with scriptwise .
Maybe singer has tried to kill the legend without kryptonite , but one bad movie ca not do this .
But sadly , most of the film concentrates on the boring hero and the good guys , and these moments are boring .
Apparently the whole movie was done with actors in front of green screens and we are supposed to be impressed .
Worst of all is the script 's relentless bonhomie , ancient jokes , and clunking dialogue .
Orwell emphasises not only the cold and the hunger , but the humiliation of being poor .
They fight of an army of so many , kill hundreds of them , and only loose a few of themselves .
Unless you 're a trainspotter , this film has nothing to recommend it .
The acting seemed forced and scripted , the premise was flimsy at best , and the plot was almost nonexistent .
This show is obnoxious , repetitive and usually focuses on the same plot .
Too bad it did not stay in the family .
Unfortunately , this part of the story is not emphasized .
To begin with the positive remarks i can mention that the movie is technically well made .
Because there 's way too much stuff that ends up unexplained , undiscovered and uninteresting .
His brother sucked all the talent out he younger brother .
Fell is the lamest bad guy in the history of film .
That arm waving and stupid chuckling as he appeared again ... ugh .
The animation is dark and dreary and cheap .
Of course , he is far too much of a hero to leave them to their fate , and tries to rescue them .
The major flaw with the film is its uninspired script .
But , honestly , even these things did not make the movie any better .
Eve party , insulting each other in a very sordid way .
I am ashamed to have this movie in my collection .
Each of the substories is more formulaic than the last , and the sets get worse and worse as the movie runs .
By today 's standards , it 's boring , cheap , and bad .
There was not a single funny joke or line throughout .
This horror film was not even in the least bit scary , creepy or disturbing .
The characters were the strongest development here .
If only they would make the show better , the actual idea would be glorious .
So , in my opinion , one to avoid , unless you really love obscure slasher films .
I had high hopes , but was very disappointed .
The plot was predictable and all over the place , and the humour was ... lacking .
To say nothing of a conveniently bulletproof internal glass door .
Even if the cast were likable it would make it less unbearable .
The possibilities for good story lines and plots are endless .
He quickly becomes ill , and at the hospital spits out a large writhing white larva of some kind .
This movie seemed more new age crap than anything else .
The new plotlines were stretching the continuity and credibility of the show too thin .
The new plotlines were stretching the continuity and credibility of the show too thin .
They 're not just saying it when they said it looks like a home movie .
Instead of isolated references to the newness of exploration , they could have been the story .
Nobody said screenwriters had to be original .
I became disappointed as the film ran on , and it got worse and worse .
The acting is only just acceptable from a few characters .
Enemies can pummel you almost in a bear hug , but you just ca not move unless you back off .
The writing , for most part , is terrible .
The annoying mouse and lullaby really got to me and really had nothing to do with the story ...
I got bored and do not remember much about the second half of it .
The film just moves too quickly for anyone to really care what 's going on .
Despite the good looking monster this is a film to avoid .
Overall this is a really bad , bad , ugly movie .
Way too ridiculous in the dialogue and execution departments to be taken seriously .
Not an ounce of the live energy survived the heavy handedness of the proceedings .
Suspense fell flat every single time .
You could not go anywhere without someone asking what the latest was .
When the opera singer came on , many people got up and walked out .
Here 's where the writer should have added something that would make people think .
There was no proper ending to the story .
There is a reason why people on the internet are not even downloading this movie .
But the story is too ridiculous for words .
One of the character 's even volunteers to sacrifice himself to save the others .
I did not even begin to believe that they were mob bosses .
There are no big names in this film and the acting is very cheesy .
Paperhouse is poorly acted , laughably plotted , very corny and dull on the whole .
Another problem , of course , is the huge gaps in the plot .
Well , nothing could have prepared me for this .
Far more interesting than the death of main villain in part two .
Everything was squished flat , it looked ridiculous .
Save yourselves and watch something else .
The plot is so contrived and unbelievable .
And it did not even have a good script or plot to redeem it .
This film truly is mindless , it is absent of any plot or character development , or any sort of storyline .
But it s a comedy some of you might be screaming .
So what if the body was supposed to be that of her own dead daughter .
I can not imagine anyone seeing this without them because that would make it that much more painful .
Yeah , that 's using the old noggin .
I ca not believe someone that bad at acting was given a lead role in a movie .
From then on , you can guess the whole plot .
Billed as a horror flick , there was not one scene , not one , that was even remotely scarey .
Apparently the film makers knew they had a bad thing going , and wanted to make the least of it .
From a plot and movement standpoint , this movie was terrible .
Shot amateurishly , acted even worse and the directions , maybe none .
Somehow he does not have those options .
The introduction to side characters is badly done for example .
One is so poorly drawn that he succumbs to a popcorn attack .
There is not all that much else here that 's interesting though .
It 's simply too formulaic and pointless .
I love film noirs , but this one was a real disappointment .
This movie does not deserve the prequel tag .
Because they are stupid and ridiculous and very bad scenarios .
Unfortunately , the audience gets far less than they bargained for .
If you have kids , and your kids have no taste , perhaps they will stay awake through all of this one .
It 's on the whole a bore to watch and the fighting is poorly choreographed .
Big mistake in costume design , that one .
It 's painfully and embarrassingly bad , not even in a way that allows you to make fun of it .
I said though this one is quite boring .
There are giant crabs that attack a girl .
It just seemed so out of place and wrong .
From a promising opening , the story slides downhill all the way to the end .
It 's obvious that whoever made this movie does not know a single thing about horror .
If this plot synopsis of the finale has left you confused , do not worry cause you 're not alone .
We are not all brainwashed simpletons , but this is a few steps too far the other way .
It includes some stock footage of real , horrible acts of violence , including war time executions .
Ford motor company have their logo slapped all over the place .
Pretty lame prison , if you ask me .
I watched the steaming pile for a hour and a half , who knows ... it might have moved or something .
This is just a succession of bad numbers , one after another .
Things chain along with some stale jokes to a dull uninspired conclusion with no surprises .
They 're just a couple things that seemed to make sense at the time but really baffle the younger generation .
It 's just a drama about stupid teenage girl and her problems , which are , by the way , not really convincing .
Also unfortunately , none of this is ever explained .
And that annoys me about this whole movie .
Not to mention the horrible actors they chose for the chechen mafia gang .
The problem is neither of these ' two films ' are any good at all .
However , the cinematography stinks so there is nothing at all to keep your attention .
Anway , this was the very lowest grade of propoghanda nonsense that has come along in years .
The script is rife with grave errors in disposition .
Ok that irritant aside , the acting was atrocious .
All in all an unpleasant film that should just stay locked underground forever and do us all a favour .
It had such promise , but the acting was ridiculous at best .
Everybody is screaming , shouting and doing odd things for no reason .
Cinematography was a disaster but overall direction was acceptable .
The only conceivable attraction he might offer to her is that she can exploit him as a faster route to stardom .
There 's not a single hint or shadow of an idea .
The script , the acting , the directing and the choice of cast are all appalling .
Production wise this film looks cheap , and probably was cheap .
It does nothing right and it does not have the chance to because it does not really attempt to do anything .
However , this is in itself not enough of a reason to create a film .
Every little jump is accompanied by a crescendo of orchestration , to the point where it becomes laughable .
By this time , the franchise could not attract anyone with an active career .
There 's no excuse for the amateur post production that was applied to this film .
At first the story is so ridiculous .
It 's a shame because it was a good idea .
I watched this movie for its two hours and have absolutely no idea what it 's about .
The male leads were outright rubbish .
I think there was supposed to be a twist at the end , but it just ended up being maddeningly confusing .
The film is interesting on that level , but the script and the editing are very choppy .
To me , this was the meat of the movie , surrounded by inedible fat of her act of forgiveness .
I have no idea what her character was about .
But that 's as far as they take this premise .
Indian soldiers surely deserve a better tribute .
The basic plot in this movie is not bad .
Even the premature ending lacks any satirical flavor .
The whole project felt forced and uninspired .
First off , the comedy was painful .
The whole plot was ridiculous to begin with and drawn out way too long .
It 's simply a fantasy , and a boring one at that .
This film was so bad i had to fast forward most of it to get to the good bits .
I just do not get how anyone could like this movie .
In fact , the camera shakes and looks worse than the average home movie .
Terrible music by bad heavy metal bands whose websites take up the majority of the end credits .
The ending is very cheezy and the acting is very lame and wooden .
That 's what happens when there is nothing in the movie to endear the watcher to latino characters .
Not just the story , but the acting is shockingly bad .
The rest are bearable though very predictable .
The whole premise of the show 's namesake is completely lost .
Even the acting is mediocre at best .
It came in , and the cover made it look alright .
First of all , this movie is not a complete disaster .
All in all , a cute , if unoriginal sequel , that was marred by the songs and a lack of a story .
I was really feeling sorry for the poor dad in this episode .
The acting is alright for what it is .
The plot was hazy , inconsistent and choppy to say the least .
In one scene the zombie runs toward the living , and in the other he just shambles to them .
The appeal of black cowboy movies just is not there .
The appeal of black cowboy movies just is not there .
The play of the actors were not any better .
The central story is basically how he loves this woman , but ca not have her .
Pretty disappointing special effects and rather goofy premise .
Well , nothing of that sort happens .
The sound sucks so does the quality of the picture , the direction , the acting ... etc , etc .
Other than the original idea , this film has absolutely zero redeeming qualities .
I also found many plot holes within the already badly written plot .
This movie is not horrible , but you will just find yourself not caring ten minutes into it .
It 's a joke how bad it is and no one would review this kind of movie the way he did .
The cast could not have been more plastic looking .
I have not said the plot of this show .
If the writers , directors and producers would just quit putting on so much uncalled for sex scenes .
The script was terrible and the acting was like fingernails across a chalkboard .
It was pathetic , everything went too fast .
And the side characters are annoying ...
The zombies are only in the movie for a few minutes .
Unfortunately , it does not date well .
Plus he looks nothing like any gamera you 've ever seen .
For me an unsatisfactory , unconvincing heist movie .
The settings of the film are also too poor .
It just did not make any sense to me .
The problem with the movie is that the book was so much better .
The film stumbles badly between exaggerated comedy and realistic drama , with neither being really engaging .
The characters do not even act the way they do in the books .
Oh , and lots of fighting scenes and random acts of sex and violence .
This script failed on so many levels with me .
I might even be wrong saying this , it was that confusing .
I walked out despite getting a free movie pass .
Too cartoonish and very disappointing .
Because of this , the video and audio quality is poor .
They show almost no emotion and it 's just so obvious that they 're acting .
Among the problems with this movie are the editing , script , and acting .
Seeds of a better western lie buried here .
Next time guys if your going to make a sequel this bad ... do not even bother .
An example of how much this movie stinks .
I 'm tempted to track down the producers and at the very least threaten them with bodily harm .
The director seems to be a sadist , who happened to get someone to produce some junk .
People should have been embarrassed to take part in this .
Vulgar fantasies came to life on screen .
But no one could possibly be as unappealing in real life as his director makes him look here .
This movie is a slap in the face to anyone who payed money for this .
But the movie is slow , extremely slow .
However , she has such contempt for her therapist that no progress can be made .
Anyway , this movie is the among the worst movies ever , and certainly the bottom of the barrel for sequels .
Needless to say , every character is a broad and generic cliché .
When the alleged killer came out the door , the revolver has magically transformed into an automatic .
They just do not make films this bad anymore .
Just because he is a musician does not make him sexy .
And in spite trying hard , the female leads do not manage to be sexy .
This film is a complete embarrassment to all involved in its production and a disgrace to all who viewed it .
Other than that , there 's nothing worthwhile about the film .
Zabalza 's direction seems jerky , even amateurish .
With one notable exception , the rest of the cast is not particularly good .
The actor , while not only completely wooden and deadpan , could not read his lines with any gusto at all .
Nothing much happens and even when things do happen they do not generate any real excitement or interest .
You could never tell if the writers were trying to make him the comical token closet gay guy , or just desperate .
The plot line is decent but drags out way too long .
Aside from landscapes , buildings and vehicles there is not much to impress .
Aside from landscapes , buildings and vehicles there is not much to impress .
Pathetic action scene and really bad acting also do not help .
If you 're looking for a good horror movie , look elsewhere .
Knightley plays her as an obnoxious , cynical brat who has done nothing to warrant our respect .
Shame they could not think of anything to put in front of it .
Characters do so many stupid things without any modicum of motivation ... it 's embarrassing to watch .
The main character forgets something in her room , has an encounter with the killer , runs and escapes .
The main character , for example , spends half the movie popping pills .
And it was all downhill from there .
What the director and producer failed to do was show us why we should care what happens to the characters .
There 's an air of superiority with this film that 's really quite insulting .
Please do not watch unless you are one of those that likes to watch bad movies .
Every thing depicted here is exactly how it is prescribed in bollywood textbook of romances .
Too much time is spend on the main character and his sexy sister and not enough on some of the other kids .
It 's an uninteresting performance .
What starts out as an interesting story quickly disintegrates into nothing .
The characters are poorly drawn and underdeveloped .
And finally , there is that big hero who kills all the bad guys and saves these poor children from bad guys .
If her character was not so bad , maybe the movie would get another star or two from me .
Direction must be the problem here .
A few scenes are just an excuse to point the camera at female body parts .
There are hardly any actual jokes or gags , just mostly actors behaving idiotically and spouting dreary lines .
Not like any yawn i have had before though .
And anyway , pacino is supposed to have read this story , thought it 's crap and did the sequel instead .
Unfortunately , these poor men were forced to carry a pretty dumb movie .
Bad thing is that she did not have much of a plan .
The main problem is a rambling script which gets nowhere .
It is uninspiring , unfunny , unredeemable , and not even rentable .
People uncomfortable with ambiguity should avoid this .
Otherwise , stay far far far far far away from this one .
I laugh at anything stupid usually .
It 's slow , dull , none of the characters are likable .
The plot and driving scenes do not make much sense and are equally bad .
The only remotely funny part is the rocker with the black teeth getting all the girls .
He might have given it some credibility .
An acclaimed scientist is killed in a freakish accident and his father , a noted brain surgeon saves the brain .
Nothing works the way it 's supposed to in this film , and nobody cares .
But there is nothing approaching the scenes depicted in the film .
Ash 's friends were hardly in it , and all the fight scenes were boring .
Meanwhile , the mob boss guy has made a deal to get into the prison so that he can save his imprisoned brother .
The silly monster design suddenly made sense .
One of the main characters usually dies before the others kill the animal somehow , usually with an explosion .
Absolutely awful beyond comprehension .
I wanted to vomit after watching it .
If you want a discussion of quantum physics or reality , look elsewhere .
Damn , i knew the ending half way in , it s just disappointing .
Adding to the tedium is considerable footage that does not further the plot .
Do not even bother downloading it , midget porn would be a much better choice .
The cold turkey scenes , therefore , despite their tediousness , are not disturbing .
I almost fell asleep in this movie .
The dialog is worse than a prime time soap opera .
It 's just as bad , but much funnier .
He did not inspire any emotion at all except boredom .
Obviously it shows someone trying to make out of a meaningless mystery something which is of no value at all .
Some second rate actors playing detectives try to solve the terrible , terrible mystery .
In between the mayhem , what there is of a script consists of the dullest clichés and banalities .
Greenaway seems to have a habit of trying deliberately to disgust his viewers .
The plot is confusing at times , and there 's really no indication that this is a sequel .
The toiletries award for the worst performance .
I would not recommend this to anybody because it is so poorly done in every category .
It moves from the unlikely to the unbelievable , from the unrealistic to the ludicrous .
If there is no story there at least they fill it up with gory deaths or attractive females .
It did not help much , but it was better than nothing .
This is meant to be a comedy but mainly bad taste , and nothing remotely causing a smile in the film .
The first half of the movie , roughly , is okay in conception and execution .
The plot involves a serial killer who becomes a snow man .
With a level of misogyny that is pretty awful .
And main characters are not interesting .
We then have a supposed rocker uncle that is just there to look pretty for the moms that have to watch this crap .
This movie was a real torture fest to sit through .
I 'm embarrassed to be writing this review .
No wonder it did not get much distribution , every one involved must have been ashamed .
The plot in this one was patently obvious , the production values very low and sets , uhm , simplistic .
Personal stories are presented in an utterly uninvolving and unconvincing way .
The subtleness is quickly replaced by the predictable shotgun approach ...
The hackneyed plot is razor thin and obvious .
Admittedly , the acting is terrible .
The dialog throughout the film was just horrible .
The main characters settle on playing dry , emotionless types in a fashion that inspires no empathy whatsoever .
Whatever plot lines and characters came up in the deal were then tossed into the script .
A chainsaw suddenly appearing in a characters stomach is not scary , it 's sloppy .
The effects are not completely horrible ... but it 's close .
Said hero throws the bomb to you and dives overboard .
They 're dark , bitter creatures with nothing better to do than to spread their own misery .
There 's just an unshakeable air of boredom to the film that never lets up .
Now it 's a , believe me , ridiculous movie .
Full of dull and artificial dialogue .
But the thing which really stinks the place up with anachronism is the lead women .
Even the decent animation becomes inconsistent when the computer work gets thrown in .
I was actually really looking forward to watching this .
But at least it had better effects then sabretooth .
She would have had to show a whole lot of skin to save this movie .
This episode is totally forgettable .
The script should have been put thru the shredder before taking it on location .
Too bad the writing did not go the way with her .
Do not torture yourself by giving this piece of crap a try for its controversial status .
Secondly the scenes seem to have been cut so much that they 're rendered senseless .
She then goes on a screaming rampage , killing a gay former student because of his sins .
If you paid any attention , nothing is going to surprise you in the end , obvious plot holes aside .
The total result is workmanlike and wooden .
Their trouble delivering lines was made even more obvious by horrible sound design .
This movie was extremely depressing .
Why are they crappy , for one they try so hard to be artistic that they take away from the actual sex act .
I suggest it was to make a handful of actors and their producers and director a big payday for doing nothing .
The writing , quite frankly , sucked .
Without giving anything away , here is the story in a vague nutshell ...
This movie is cold , brutal , and just downright depressing .
The gimmick in the leap years is not enough to drive the story on because the circumstances are too shallow .
And that goes for this one too , painfully .
Unfortunately , the looped dialogue sounds flat .
If you 're looking for a serious movie , look somewhere else .
Either way , the movie 's pretty bad and do not watch it if there 's anything better on ...
Apparently the story writer just do not hold water .
But for me he surely did not spoiled the money on props but on the make up .
The killings were acted out very badly .
If they are going to write a plot with crayons , at least have the decency to make it silly .
It 's beyond understanding how anyone could say anything positive about this movie .
They 're usually not connected in any way .
This show is stacking so much of its chips on the twist that it fails to deliver anywhere else .
There was no plot to the movie whatsoever .
One star , and that 's being generous .
My suggestion is that you stay very far away this film .
However , it falls flat on its farcical face and just fails at everything it wants to be and achieve .
But maybe the biggest problem is that everything is depicted way over the top .
The leads acting is stiff , wooden and forced .
The film lacks style , i mean original style .
This is the kind of script that is bad in two ways .
Overall , good for about ten or fifteen minutes total , the rest you can just fast forward through .
The producers were to cheap to use a plane with the name of a airline on it .
Loose that woman in the bollywood industry .
This movie would have been much better had they reversed roles .
In steps our main cast of army reservist to save the day , this is where the major problems begin .
There was no character development .
Problem is that this version hardly contains one original idea .
Why is it so bad , you might be asking yourself .
For the entire duration of the film you do not care what happens to a single one of them .
He looks ... less like the burn victim he is supposed to be , and more like he has a skin disorder .
Everything associated with the direction of this film was very poorly executed .
Who is very pretty , but really no more than a mediocre actress .
I was shocked at how terrible the script was .
The characters ' identities changed for the worse within the movie .
There is only so much stupidity a person can take , let alone three bloody hours of it .
It is so horrible it is not even funny .
The sound quality is bad , the video quality is bad , and the acting is horrendous .
I would like to point of that no other movie even begins to compare .
I could not believe she would even let something like this be seen with her name all over it .
My husband even thought that for a chick flick , it sucked .
I 'm sure there 's worse , but you 're going to be hard pressed to find it .
The two other girls are terrible , as well .
His looks do not help the leading role either .
No amount of fine acting or black and white film styling can make up for a total lack of substance .
This film lacks of passion or excitement .
Watch this at your peril , the boredom may kill you .
The way they introduced plot lines was pathetic .
It is mostly a pubertal show and a juvenile excuse to show scantily clad women .
There was nothing on the movie that was good .
How can one make such a mistake in such a big production , supposedly based on a true story .
It makes what could have been a decent , scary horror movie just seem silly .
It would be a terrible shame to end the series with this installment .
I rented this film purely on the fact that the cover appealed to me .
He could do whatever he wanted whenever he wanted to it just could never be useful .
It depicts both graphically and accurately the life many children of a mentally ill parent goes through .
Only one disappointing kissing scene at the very end .
There are plenty of stupid and totally unfunny characters whose names should sound funny .
Bachman books are just plain mean and always end badly .
Daninsky is a doctor , a scientist , and an instructor at what appears to be a college .
Many of dialogues are slow and meaningless .
The embarrassing awfulness of this widely praised film can not be overstated .
Hard to believe , considering he got so upset about being stuck making so many mediocre movies .
Boyle looked terrible due to some really bad cosmetic surgery .
The plot was terrible with large gaps of information missing .
Any serviceable plot can be made into something new with the proper treatment .
Any serviceable plot can be made into something new with the proper treatment .
The actors vainly attempted to salvage what was left of the storyline .
Then , their marriage news ends up in the newspaper .
If it 's not funny , then doing some crazy accent is not going to make it any funnier .
Yeah , they killed him in the third reel .
The audiences were so bored that most of them left the theatre before the intermission .
The cinematography is not bad but it looks like it was cut with a machete .
I think the main problem is that it is all set in darkness .
The whole movie looks like it was shot with a camcorder instead of half way decent film .
Then again , there are movies with less but fared better than this , are not there .
She is so unbelievably terrible she 's compelling .
And the sex scenes are downright lame .
There are several deleted scenes , including three variations on the ending , and a gag reel .
There was also the most annoying thing a director can do with a book , and that is morphing characters .
The production was a flaw ridden , cliché ridden , embarrassing load of rubbish .
Science is not portrayed any better .
The female vampire simply is not scary or sexy .
I had the displeasure of seeing this in the theater and actually being able to sit through this mess of a movie .
It is utter nonsense , and incomprehensible nonsense at that .
All in all , a disappointing evening spent at the cinema .
However , some of the other techniques the filmmakers employ shoot that prospect all to hell .
On the whole , a completely pointless movie with no message at all .
Overall an extremely disappointing picture .
Though it is really annoying to be a film student and to see how crap like this gets through the machine .
Seed is not just the essence of ridiculous , it s living proof that the free market is flawed ... lucky
I mean it got really lame , every kill looked exactly the same , filmed exactly the same way .
The deaths were stupid , boring and completely unoriginals .
It was rather lame. , special effects nor the lines were the single culprit for this failure .
The story is about a troupe of idiotic children making prank phone calls to a psycho which is always a good idea .
He looks absolutely ancient as a result of years of chain smoking and heavy drinking .
I really hated this movie , as did my wife .
It was pretty obvious that it would be crap even from the outset .
Character 's are thin , dialog is monotonous , etc .
But no , it 's really rather poor all told .
I mean , who ever even thinks about the makeup in a contemporary feature film .
Wendy practicing the method of remembering what she had studied , which frustrated and put me in dismay .
The writing is so obvious and facile , it 's sad watching them try to sell it .
Just about every scene involving the servants of the castle and their silly antics is a waste of time .
It was probably just a lame excuse to show her breasts and curves again .
Every joke even the fart jokes have intelligence behind them .
This movie is reasonably well acted and directed , but the script is a stinker .
The acting and dialogue offer no better .
If there was anything else in the theater this would be skipped by far .
I was waiting for the boom mike to fall in the middle of a scene .
However the acting ability is poor at best .
Write better scripts so you wo not have to use that lame plot device any more .
It has the avg . horror flick fall backs , gore , pointless nudity , knocks against the catholic church .
But this movie had absolutely nothing to hold my attention .
This lump of waste could hardly be called cinema .
Judging by this film , none whatsoever .
An absolute steaming pile of cow dung .
The dialogs are pathetic and the sensuality of the sex scenes is absolutely absent .
Here he is the main attraction , there does not seem to be a girlfriend or wife who 's a distraction .
There 's way too much story for such a stupid movie .
Anyway , that 's the kind of lousy , lazy writing and direction that undercuts every aspect of this movie .
If any one of the cast members wanted to , they could have just taken her out in a heartbeat .
Just save your time and do not watch this fllm .
I 'm still wondering why they made this horrible movie .
But what could have been interesting stays stupid , bad acted and without any reason .
The premise itself is beyond absurd .
This is truly awful , more embarrassing than those it attempts to satirise .
Seriously the only good thing about this year ceremony were the winners .
What is supposed to be a comedy ends up being just silly and overdone .
I do not think it 's terrible , but it 's not really good either .
While channel surfing , we found this movie with its promising synopsis .
However , if you 're not a mormon , this movie probably wo not appeal to you .
And the way the characters are introduced are terrible .
What is worst is that these actors had to play themselves on the spiritual side and even they screwed that up .
This movie in fact has absolutely nothing to recommend to absolutely anyone .
This movie suffers from a low budget and it 's production values are disturbing .
But it does not even begin to actually address the problem it 's supposed to be about .
Americans wonder why they are perceived as arrogant in the rest of the world , and that is one reason why .
It 's amusing up to a point , but as the film goes on , it gets somewhat boring .
Simply put , nothing happens in the film , but it takes a long time getting to that nothing .
Half the vignettes are bizarre , with very little entertainment value .
Should be required viewing for all prospective film makers as an example of how a movie could be horribly wrong .
It 's just derivative and inferior .
Otherwise , it 's not much to write home about .
The makeup consists of blood on the face of the zombies .
Obviously that means the writing here failed .
Just do not expect logic , if you have not already guessed that much .
The rest of the movie is nothing but cheesy predictable situations , and clever one liners .
Some of the jokes that were supposedly funny were really stupid .
Read either as a thriller or as a psychiatric essay , this film is ultimately rather disappointing .
So the film tries to be everything but does not really succeed on any level at all .
They can not even talk as an actor should .
There are so many things that are just plain bad about
Specially because of the weak acting .
Unfortunately , this was their only film together .
The same propaganda movies were produced that time , only with the exception that those were black and white .
Unless you have no idea how to reload them ..
Unfortunately this movie was less of a modern retelling and more of a pop culture perversion .
The acting , in particular , was extremely poor .
The fictional town is huge , yet nary a policeman is ever called , everyone relies on mall security for order .
As for this picture , it fails because of the subject matter .
She looks and acts extremely creepy .
It 's one thing to be an amateur filmmaker , but anyone can be a hack .
In this one , the filmmakers made no attempt to use the city .
Who would put money in to producing something this bad .
They should invent a ' shameometer ' for everybody involved in this sorry mess of a movie .
The movie is okay , there are funny parts in it alright .
One of the worst mistakes of my life so far , and it 's only half done .
Nothing but a fleeting side profile .
I have tons of patience for films that are slow to blossom .
Disgrace , that s all that can be said .
On second thought , skip this movie entirely and find something else to do for an hour and a half .
It 's a shame he did not have more screen time like that .
Another problem with the characters is that they seemed to be dismissed with no explanation .
There 's no other sane reason to endure this junk .
Plus the ' main ' story was very confusing and the ending does not make much sense at all .
If a person was ever a child , they understand that a lack of visual reference is no excuse for not trying .
That said , the story still sucked and does not make any sense at all .
The rest of the story is contrived and stupid .
This movie must be a spoof because who would say they wrote that script otherwise .
The plot is basically a convicted psycho killer is killed .
The silly story might have played better if the dinosaur effects were convincing .
I guess we will have to get someone else .
Completely random and uninspired killings ...
Suffice to say the plot is abominable and destroys the whole film .
But the director of the movie appears to be a talented person .
They meet a lot of wacky characters and avoid some evil ones too .
Even the extras look as though they do not know what they 're supposed to be doing .
Poor lighting and special effects done for the sake of doing so .
Poor lighting and special effects done for the sake of doing so .
When he uses it over and over again , supposedly trying to get a laugh , the joke has run dry .
Clay implies that men simply can not help themselves from inflicting terrible acts of violence .
Every one of the acting cast should be nominated for worst acting performance awards .
The whole thing even takes place in just one set .
For example how do the furlings look like by creating that stupid previously on ......... is simply embarrassing .
Their careers had no point in the plot , and this seems like a forced situation .
Katelin was just an annoying person .
Bollywood has produced far better films .
The rest is characters walking around aimlessly and poorly rendered effects shots .
Not only was there no chemistry it just does not make sense .
Then , on a whaling ship , they build a crate that looks like it is in the crude shape of a whale .
If you also what the film to be engaging and keep your interest , then you should probably look elsewhere .
I liked the characters , but the whole story was just too disappointing .
The worst part was the slow moving interactions of the actors which combined with endless meaningful glances .
Unless you count the first minute of the movie .
Your time is more precious than spending a nanosecond watching this embarrassing misfire .
Take my advice and stay far , far away from this movie .
The effects were alright for its time and the footage of the killer whale looked pretty good .
If her friends were ugly , then she did not even bother to go behind their backs .
To top it all off , the music is straight from a synthesizer and sounds unbelievably terrible .
Here we have some familiar faces to add a touch of quality , but they 're given way too little to work with .
The characters are completely unbelievable , and wildly inconsistent .
Bad acting , bad directing , bad story and horrific cinematography .
This movie was terrible in ways people should not have to rack their brains to describe .
Hell , even the name comes off as an intentional joke .
Oh , the answer to the title 's question .. not really .
I very much looked forward to this movie .
As long as they make a convincing couple , there should be no problem .
Do not let my sacrifice be in vain .
This film takes itself far too seriously ... unless of course they meant to be funny .
I do not even really remember that much about this movie , except that it stunk .
But even comedic geniuses need material worthy of their talents .
After seeing films like this , you wonder why the makers bothered at all .
Not only are the song lyrics retarded , they sing badly .
Overall this movie was disappointing .
Such pathetic movie from such a revered director and from such a big industry .
But as entertainment this was very poor and as a documentary style movie it was worse .
The cinematography is just plain lazy .
It is worse than a home video made by a high school student .
Then , to give some credit to the story , the screenwriter wanted to add some political sight to the story .
There was nothing to like about these two either .
This movie is so bad that i doubt i can write enough lines .
I will never forget ' tunnel ' , for marking an important point in my life experience of cinema .
I will never forget ' tunnel ' , for marking an important point in my life experience of cinema .
Many minutes pass in quietness , no one speaks , and few act .
This hidden civilization of midget monsters , and he greets them with open arms .
Braveheart was even worse though , which is this films only saving grace .
What it really was is a soap opera , and a bad one at that .
Horrible movie , no need to ever see it .
Another huge problem is that everything is just too bright .
I 've seen bad movies before and this one has always stuck out in my mind as the worst .
Could not go to sleep the other night .
His character was jumpy , unrealistic and rather annoying .
The acting is not totally bad , but the pacing is excruciatingly slow .
There 's some high calibre actors fair enough , and none turns in an average or worse performance .
This opening lasts for over a minute and already the viewer knows they are in for something terrible .
The story and scene sequence was totally incoherent and poorly organized .
Everything was terrible from the start .
So , he decides to leave town , despite the dad 's urging him to stay and be with his daughter .
Things get worse once they movie starts heading toward the ending .
Other famous performers also seem to be at their worst .
He adds nothing but mawkish , maudlin , very irritating melodrama .
But the simplicity and intelligence of this film were boring .
I no longer watch the show , which is a shame , because the rest of the cast were good .
Anyone could see that this is a bad movie , nasty , gross , unscary and very silly .
The action scenes are poorly shot and therefore lack dynamics .
Bad movie , not worth wasting your time and that is my first and last impression .
If you are a fan of bad movies , do yourself a favor and rent this sucker .
But the lack of dialogue starts to grate after twenty minutes .
I believe he tried his best , but script just stunk .
An utter waste of beauty without acting skills .
Secondly , the movie is too unrealistic in a historical setting .
There are a bunch of scenes , haphazardly , thrown in with no continuity at all .
In the first one there were interesting plot turns , but here it is too linear to be remotely interesting .
The fights are stilted and unconvincing and the special effects are woeful .
The thought of anyone seeing this as a religious film in anyway is laughable .
The movie had an overabundance of lingering shots that made no sense , horrible angles , and terrible lighting .
Unfortunately , he takes on each animal 's characteristics .
If you like ugly , nasty , ad unappealing horror films , this one is for you .
Although it is not bad , it does not add anything .
No originals were harmed in the making of this remake .
Corny dialogue , cheesy special effects , dumb stereotypes , crummy action scenes and bad , bad acting .
And what a painful four hours it was .
And what a painful four hours it was .
However it is rather disappointing .
The whole cast reminded me of a bad amateur theatre group .
By the time the film ends , you no longer care .
In the end it 's just too silly to be funny .
The hillbilly chick in the opening sequence is ridiculous and does not get better till she 's shot .
Some of the lines are also absolutely horrendous and uninteresting .
The automatic guns pose a problem too as they seem to have a endless supply of ammunition .
Actors are not bad , not good either .
Tina still looked fit and attractive , but for some reason seems truly frightened .
They explain nothing at the end of the mysterious compass looking thing .
You can skip this one without missing a thing .
Thankfully , this awful movie did not wound me as a child .
This is a movie that is bad in every imaginable way .
This claim was a bad move because it 's not difficult to prove them wrong .
This movie is an idiotic attempt at some kind of action thriller .
An absolutley dreadful film in just about every respect .
An okay film , with a fine leading lady , but a terrible leading man .
I found it to have a total lack of story .
This gets very annoying as the movie progresses .
But the way they are portrayed , dressed and treated is absolutely pathetic .
The movie absolutely gets worse as it goes along .
Even their great acting could not redeem this movie 's ridiculous storyline .
I 'd say that 's a very long time when you have them surrounded and you 're allowed to shoot .
The tv series was depressingly awful .
As a drama film , this would unquestionably be a horrendous failure .
With a film made so poorly it 's hard not to laugh through most of this film , if you can stomach it .
If you come across this one in the rental store pass on by .
The track is irritating mainly because of them .
Yes , it is that astoundingly awful .
It has survived and evolved thousands of years only to succumb to severe teddy bear loss .
Please , do not rent or buy this wretched piece of garbage .
It 's supposed to be a sequel , yet has no apparent connection whatsoever with the first film .
The final scene would have ripped my heart out , if the entire movie had not been so painful to begin with .
And do nt get me started on the terrible battle scenes .
No artful writeup here because it does not deserve one .
In short , it is an insult to the intelligence of any unfortunate viewer .
This latter idea , however , is arrant and offensive nonsense .
For the rest of us , it 's an irritating snore fest .
For me , this movie just seemed to fall on its face .
Neither do extreme angles or logic stretched to the point of absurdity .
Really bad shot on video film made by not one , not two , but three amateur video makers .
The last fight was a bit longer , but by that point i was so bored i did not even pay attention to it .
So my disappointment was great , to say the least .
I just could not cared less really at times .
The film jumps from time period to time period with no rhyme or reason .
If you 're looking for a movie that will make you laugh , steer clear from this abomination .
Pull the plug on this amateurish mess .
I felt so disappointed that they slaughtered the cartoon so badly .
He never acts stupid in the beginning of the movie .
Well the casting was alright after all he is the one that produce the screenplay .
I do not feel that the six minutes they spent writing the script is worth a star .
It has nothing to do with how the filmmaker wants the viewer to take his out of context scripture .
When they bothered to reference the first movie , they did so in a manner that was pretty loose and weak .
It was a visionary scene that was probably lost in the shuffle due to the remaining poor scenes .
Technically speaking , the film is atrocious .
In the making of they do not show a single smile .
I did not laugh a single time during this piece of junk .
Watch it if you want , but you 're not missing much if you skip this one ...
Otherwise , the movie does not have much to offer at all .
The beginning is slow and spends too much time on long shots of only slightly interesting landscapes .
The title is just the beginning of this exercise in making the audience feel ill at ease .
The other monsters are even more cartoonish , and even less scary .
Looks like this movie was slapped together fast .
There is simply nothing funny about the movie .
Yeah , if one is deaf , dumb , and blind .
The motive is just lame and do not even get me started on the damn secret .
A comment called the movie predictable and cheesy with terrible dialog .
However , after that , it 's quickly downhill for this flick .
The music and the sound was supposed to be distorted to create a very disturbing effect within the film .
Which all comes down at the end for the fatal shoot out .
Either no nudity or evenly distributed nudity would 've been an honest way to go .
The movie just does not feel like a movie , but a weird , incoherent , boring dream .
Because you can judge this alleged comedy by the effect it had not just on myself , but on this rowdy bunch .
It is ineptly filmed with scenes changing for no reason and editing is choppy .
Apparently , some fool out there has allowed the director of this film to make another one ... be warned
Clumsy execution of the death sequences which look cheap and laughable .
Also one last thing that bothered me throughout the film was the awful music with some woman whaling .
Gleason does the best he can with the material , but he ca not save this .
I am very sorry , very very very very boring movie .
It was not of any interest if it was only him .
It was infested with close calls , miraculous escapes , and concentrated deposits of poorly explained angst .
Zenia 's manipulations are not interesting unless we see them happen to a man , and a man 's life is screwed up .
There are only two things worse than death .
This is bad even for backyard wrestling .
Not funny , dreadful story , nudity and kids do not mix together .
The result just left the audience feeling rather inadequate .
The idea about having a very young band is horrible ...
I am an actor , producer , director and what i am about to say are facts .
This movie is laughable on many , many levels .
The bird , rather than providing comic relief , was unfunny and annoying .
Bad acting , bad special effects , bad plot , bad everything .
None of them generate any interest or positive response .
The acting is bad , as is the plot .
The kind of look that might be useful to a homosexual aversion therapist .
I 've seen some crappy movies in my life , but this one must be among the very worst .
Nothing really worth watching , nothing to remember .
It is bad to start with and then gets even more bad .
There 's nothing to remember about them .
I mean , how could the movie really be bad .
So how on earth could they make a sequel so downright bad .
The plot is nonsensical , as many have pointed out .
Got past the rape scene and i could not figure why people were so disturbed or bored by the movie .
His lack of direction with the actors .
The shots of this massive airliner coming down on this remote airstrip were unconvincing and fake .
The shallowness of woman on this show is quite unbelievable .
Just to do something plain evil by remote control so it s the cyber equivalent of robbery with violence .
There is nothing funny about this movie , only pain .
It was a poor way to spend an evening .
I find it hard to believe his tale could be as disappointing as this adaption .
It 's no wonder he never made another movie .
Unfortunate then , that it was portrayed in such an inept manner .
First of all , this movie is a total bore .
Sadly , it would not have taken much .
There is nothing here to sink your teeth into , no drama or heart , or even laughs .
There is absolutely no plot , climax , conflict , or any other major detail required in portraying a story .
Especially the music fails to create suspense when people suddenly disappear .
Ultimately , it is a poor documentary and a poor film .
The idea is cute , but the film falls flat with corny situations and silly dialogue .
The movie is pretty juvenile , unintelligent , predictable , and mostly annoying .
She wears a mask over her nose and mouth and it is speckled with blood .
I had to admit some of the effects were just wacky for the time .
There are some mediocre conflicts , but even they are mostly bogged down with more dialogue .
The only problem with the original was that it was too long .
I am at a distinct disadvantage here .
I 'm really reaching for a positive now , huh .
Just the thing for your next zombie fest .
The plot of this movie must have been done hundreds , if not thousands of times .
I do not want to spoil it for anyone , but you wo not like it either ... unless you are sadistic .
They even managed to make a lesbian sex scene uninteresting .
I should have walked out on this one .
But honestly , that is not saying much .
There was nothing special about any of the characters .
And you simply want to look at a ' foreign ' film for the appeal of being foreign .
These women were not liberated in a positive sense .
He has one or two cool lines , but that does not save this illogical and sloppy sequel .
But that 's hardly important , the film is simply boring , unmoving and not true to the original story .
The producers should be ashamed of themselves .
The script loses the meat of the book in favor of forced emotional notes and low brow gags .
Unfortunately after the promising opening the flick went straight to hell .
His attempts at symbolism are annoying and trite .
The whole film is incredibly slow and goes on for far too long .
But a lot of people either have really poor taste or someone 's been fixing the score .
Without him , this film would be unwatchable .
Bad seeds are planted and , would not you know it , they stick .
Poetic license is one thing , but this movie is a complete fantasy , and fails badly because of it .
I think that this movie could have been better if the writers would have gone to a different director .
That 's not to say that this is a boring film , but it 's just very average and nothing spectacular .
It 's shallow and extremely predictable .
One of the main problems with this film is that it is purely and utterly distasteful .
I guess that 's the stock footage they had .
The plot was also extremely poor , boring and been written and filmed a lot better a thousand times before .
They 're both terrible , nasty people .
It 's bad filmed and the storyline is bad .
But this one was way too boring , regardless of the suspenseful music that never leads you anywhere .
It did not even really have a plot .
Shame on you whatever your name is .
As someone else mentioned , it begins with a bizarre prologue about a little blond girl killing a cat .
Saving beauties scenes incredibly stupid .
It is badly designed and badly executed .
But these characters add up to nothing .
Revenge is a two way street seagal says in this movie ... well forget revenge
I 'm talking about the fact that our supposed heroes are dumber than fence posts and have no cumulative memory .
Here 's hoping she will find a better movie to be in .
The film is a ponderous attempt at producing a ' morality tale ' , and is so corny that it is laughable .
They usually sing about themselves , they do not try teaching anything .
Nothing new or genuinely interesting .
His first scene is alright but then his act gets repetitive and he overacts
Their parts could have been played by any of the pedestrian studio actors and it would be just as poor .
Unfortunately , not for the reasons the film makers would hope .
The one about the remote control did not even make any sense .
A really bad film , a really bad film .
Indeed , he says nothing during the entire film .
One of the things that makes this movie awful is the acting .
Unfortunately dark area has already gotten too much attention .
There are lots of clichés here , too .
It perpetuates ignorant stereotypes about psychological trauma and mental illness .
If you 're going to have a crap horror movie , make with the killing .
Not only is the acting terrible , but the plot is never even close to developed .
This movie is honestly like a practical joke to see how fast people would bolt out the doors .
She 's the one bright spot in this otherwise mediocre film .
The plot was shallow , the soundtrack sucked , the movie had no purpose whatsoever .
I stated in my heading , it 's simply horrible beyond words , on every level imaginable .
I am sorry rock fans but to my ears this crap is just noise pollution .
She 's better than the material she 's working with , by far .
The script and voice acting alone ruined it .
And for an alleged comedy , the movie has nearly no funny scenes .
The acting is as wooden as the characters .
He deserves better than to be remembered for this lousy movie .
And the absence of why is one of the worst things a movie can have .
This could have been a good premise .
The plot is really stupid in all the sense of the word .
Stale plot aside , the leads are attractive and there 's a couple of good moments .
But there is an even bigger problem .
There was insufficient character development for me to find any interest in them .
Most of the movie appeared to be done on a horrible green screen .
Most of the movie appeared to be done on a horrible green screen .
Way too long and increasingly boring .
This film did not deserve a sequel like this .
Do not get me wrong , it 's not the worst flick ever but it never lives up to it 's potential .
Those characters whiz out the door and are replaced by more people who break into an even more forgettable song .
We had no idea it was her daughter until half way through the film .
What an absolutely crappy film this is .
Even a guy who thinks he 's a chicken and dresses like one becomes rather tiresome .
I ca not believe it that was the worst movie i have ever seen in my life .
The plot , when it 's not a blur of confusing and pointlessly over flashy editing , is ludicrous .
The actors are trapped in a poorly written script and ca not get out .
I am trying to come to a decision which one was worse in terms of pain in my mind while watching .
Most of this just slows down the movie .
There is bad , then there was this .
The star quality in this movie is not bad .
I would not really see it unless you 're ready for a big let down .
It 's not a terrible episode , it 's just hard to follow up
Nothing is said here that has not been covered many times over .
It 's too bad the film was not very good since it had such a promising premise .
I would of rather paid to see a completely stupid movie that did not try to hide it .
The directing was on par with a twelve year old and the script was probably done by a thirteen year old .
That would have been a much better treatment of that issue .
The audience would applaud enthusiastically , then sit there in stunned , bored silence for another ten minutes .
All in all , though , the movie is harmless , only a waste of rental .
And worse , what substance that was presented was often inaccurate .
A film that should be singled out as a demonstration of how awful a film can be .
Instead , the script capitalizes on plot exposition and lame jokes .
The fact people think this film is scary is ridiculous .
But if that was a turkey , this movie then is not even a gizzard .
A cheap thin soulless rip off only liked by facile kitschy college freshmen .
He could have made a horror movie than this crap .
The three main performers are pitiful .
But after a while it just becomes to much as the movie turns into crap .
In a film of propaganda it is useless to judge direction and actors .
There 's no reason you would root for them to make it together .
This film was slow but tedious and the acting often drifted into the land of ham .
It is just sad that there is nothing out there at the moment to watch .
I started to wonder if she was not dead inside .
My advice is take a vice and squeeze your head with it instead of looking at this dreck
Quite a few people walked out , and the audience could barely muster even polite applause at the end .
It was not boring to watch , but gave the audience no jokes to laugh at .
So to sum this movie up basically you should expect the cheese to overflow .
Secondly , there are points in the movie that had absolutely no relation to the plot whatsoever .
A man and three young students , two girls and a boy , go to this town to study alleged bigfoot sightings .
Also , the murder scenes were so cheesy and dull .
I think that 's it 's more a result of a creative team desperately trying to find something funny in this mess .
The movie has no chemistry asides from being unintentionally funny due to poor production .
Even the worst movies have at least one memorable bit .
On every level , this film is terrible .
The director may have been making a point about death , but only he knows what it is .
When the storyline is bad , than at least make the fights something more interesting .
This movie is poor from beginning to end .
I suppose they too are not allowed to be objective .
There was no plot line , the ending was slapped on , and the jokes are not .
Even more glaring is the complete lack of production values .
This is just one example for the stupid story , but it would take too long to tell them all .
In fact , they will have to stay in the hospital because all roads are cut off due to bad weather conditions .
I have nothing to comment on this movie
He knows nothing of the world and has his nose stuck in his books .
This came as no surprise given the shoddy writing of the script .
I ca not fault her for someone else 's poor blocking , but she is totally unbelievable in her role .
I ca not fault her for someone else 's poor blocking , but she is totally unbelievable in her role .
Just wish he could have found a better vehicle .
Otherwise , keep on looking for something else .
I am a huge fan of the comic book series , but this movie fell way below my expectations .
It was a tasteless , pointless remark .
However , there are no women to talk with and the household staff seem to resent her .
This is surely a case where the movie should never have been made at the expense of the book .
The acting is juvenile and uninspired .
The story is weak and outdated , especially for this country .
I looked at my watch frequently hoping the movie would end or get to the point .
Hitchcock used to say drama was essentially life with the dull bits cut out .
Some of the other characters had potential but nothing became of it .
If the acting had been better , they could have pulled the movie off .
Basically , whatever plans the cop tries the thief somehow knows them beforehand .
Issues that maybe only a therapist , rather then a priest could help .
I watched until the hero jumped into his corvette to rush to the hospital .
Not all they girls are disgusting gross mean and big .
But he fails to share why we should be amused .
Instead he took himself to seriously and this resulted with a boring film .
This movie was boring and obviously aimed at males who like looking at corpulent women .
It 's obvious that this director and writer tried tackling an arena they never played in before .
Made the mistake of turning this insipid movie on by mistake .
You will see that this movie is a waste of time .
The scientist and his wife are two of worst heroes or protagonists ever put on screen .
They 're slugs for crying out loud .
Not to mention how boring the renovation part is .
Maybe it 's because he 's trying to make it all look very surrealistic , and yet credible .
Sadly , it 's the only laugh you will get in this terrible sex comedy that is neither sexy nor funny .
Nothing wrong with that in general .
It rips off nearly ever type of thriller and manages to make a mess of them all .
Overall , the tone of this film is awful .
Generally , though , just a horrible film .
The whole movie seemed very disjointed and not very interesting .
The gay couple could not be less convincing .
The devil demonstrates eating flesh in a horrible manner .
Take my advice and read the book and pass on the movie .
I 'm all up for sequels .... when they have a decent storyline .
Unfortunately , this movie fails to deliver the lines , the characters , the delivery or the humor .
Fair to mediocre best sums up this film .
If at all possible , do not walk past a shelf in a video store that has a copy of this movie setting on it .
My four year old found one scene funny , but told me the rest of it was too silly .
And then ... this is a slasher film with terrible death scenes .
The care centre stretched credulity well past the limits , in fact it was quite ridiculous .
There really is not much of a story here .
Even that would not have helped , since there is absolutely no interesting idea behind this film .
Acting and special effects were terrible .
My conclusion from this information is that this movie is either a poor attempt to indoctrinate people or a joke .
The acting is ' so , so ' , the plot is illogical , unreasonable and predictable .
The worst thing about the movie is its length .
Its comic potential is exploited in a flimsy way .
And basically the rest of the movie is a wannabe carbon copy of the original .
But this was trying too hard to impress .
I could not even watch the entire film .
This movie is absolutely lousy , it 's not worth even renting .
This time , she does better , although it seems pointless .
The bad news is , it was dead at birth .
Predictable parody , just about failed to impress throughout it 's looooooong eight minutes .
The rest of the cast were pretty much a bunch of cameos .
And if you 're hoping for any really good payoff , you 're not going to get it .
Either read the book or do some research about the story , and you will realize this remake is ludicrous .
The keys would have severely damaged the dog 's esophagus , stomach , and large intestines .
It consistently ranks as one of the worst films of all time .
It seemed to be heading in a decent direction .
They could have been any ethnic group .
It 's an unfinished student film with no redeeming features whatsoever .
The friendly lesbian nurse tries to warn her , but she has her throat slit even the same night .
To me , it was a waste of good viewing effort and time .
The special effects are comedic , the acting is for the most part awful , and nothing makes any sense .
The main character is a snotty girl who gets shipped of to a place where she does not belong .
Spacey , as a director , tries to keep the focus on the actors ' performances and delivery of dialouge .
This is an abysmal romantic comedy , one of the worst this dedicated fan has ever seen .
There 's no mystery , no suspense , and no plot points to care about .
As one reviewer here said , her role had nothing to do with the movie or book .
Better films that try to hide the flaws are almost worse in a way .
I actually felt disgusted that this kind of propaganda crap could really be released .
It was so obviously just a guy in a cheap plastic costume .
It is hasty , the story is shaky and the events depicted are poorly acted .
Not so bad it 's good just flat out bad .
The first warning sign of a dull cartoon is always no gag payoff .
I hated this film so much i still rmember all the parts i did nt like which was basically the whole film .
To say that he wants to direct like that and write crap like that is a lie .
Mildly amusing in spots , but utterly tasteless .
However , this was not the major problem with the movie .
Yet the reason why anybody should care just is not there .
But if you 're looking for a good horror movie , stay away .
The film is also quite dull in parts and really , really drags .
There 's really no reason for them .
For instance when he is bored in the movie he grabs a couple rocks and starts doing curls with them .
But they never do , even though we are to believe this wilderness chase goes on throughout the night .
Sure there were scary things going on in the hotel room , but nothing we all have not already seen .
If you 're looking for any originality in the plot structure or the minimal conflicts , you will be disappointed .
This one is just a cheap imitation .
Power rangers is nothing more than a bad television commericial for especially bad toy merchandising .
The other girls thought it was simply ridiculous .
I really can not express my disappointment in the episode last week .
For instance the scene of crazy joyride is done poorly .
Do not waste your time with this film , it 's not worth it .
A pitiful excuse for a movie , and a pitiful attempt to associate hockey and skating .
His charisma however is insufficient to lift this movie above the level of its poor script .
Wait , there is a stupid robot that is supposed to be a sidekick .
What bothers me more than anything is lack of explanation .
Do yourself a favor and skip this crapfest .
First of all , the camera angles were horrible .
Instead , we 're left to view some dumb painting of a spider that somehow fits into the story line .
Oh yeah , and the babes are not as hot as they like to think they are .
He would have known what to do with this material , which deserved far greater respect than this sad effort .
The props used in this movie were stolen from a clothing store .
It 's not even a supposed so bad it 's good movie .
A silly ending does not help either .
This film contains endless shots of people driving as if that was scary .
It seems they 're just as clueless as we are .
That should give you an idea of how bad this is .
The film is really irritating when watched as a story .
But this is nothing compared to the scenes that follow .
Apart from that , the acting was also poor .
None of the doctors seem to have anything medical about them .
Unfortunately , that did not occur .
Drawing comedy from a deaf accent is , quite honestly , rather low .
A horrible movie in more than one meaning .
Incompetent acting , direction , and production values all contribute to this toothache of a flick .
Incompetent acting , direction , and production values all contribute to this toothache of a flick .
This movie is neither horror or drama .
Just then some detectives show up and save the lady .
The premise of the movie is interesting .
To write comments on the plot would be pointless .
God they do not make westerns any more , they 're just dated , racist old movies that glamorise guns and murder .
Conclusion only watch this movie if you really have nothing more useful to do .
The second problem with the movie is it was just bad .
There is no substance whatsoever in this entire film .
But seriously people , do your kids a favor and have them read the book .
It was slow , uneventful drivel thereafter .
End , unfortunately , does not go a long way .
Yeah , yeah , vampires usually equal sex but come on .
A worthy failure it might be but a failure nonetheless .
But no , even this is too much for this lost meters of celluloid .
In the end they look like a bunch of loonies .
The premise of cyborg 's needing blood is just dopey .
Lame ending that will likely make viewers angry .
Beats boredom , but not by that much .
I find his work tedious , unimpressive , and pretentious .
It 's better not to make movies if they 're as bad and mindless as this .
The premise was real good but the overall execution was just terrible .
She 's not even attractive enough for any guy to leave his wife .
Somehow this has turned him into a werewolf .
This film is extreamly unrealistic , and boring .
I lost interest less then a third of the way in and had to struggle to get to the end .
This film does not try anything as smart as redeeming itself through some well timed amusing lines , oh no .
More importantly , it seems that the filmmakers did not steal to progress a point or move the plot along .
The final product is a real mess , however .
Boll should never be let anywhere near another movie set .
It 's too old , too tired , and most importantly the lack of effort sucked .
Overall , a very poorly done movie .
It was not really morbid or scary or did not even try to be very disturbing .
I ca not say that the acting in all cases was awful , just most .
Add to that his binge drinking , and it 's no wonder things fell apart .
Seed is torture porn ... no doubt about it .
There is nothing new to be seen in this production .
Everything was unbelievably cliché and retarded .
No explanation , no resolution , zip .
Easily the worst automotive movie or any movie ever made .
Unfortunately , this adventure is much better read than watched .
I urge anyone to watch this just to see how turgidly awful a movie can be , surely it was deliberate .
Howell has neither the authority or screen presence to fill the leading man role .
Cheoreography of the film is awful .
The most annoying aspects of the movie were the supporting characters .
It is not the worst video your child could watch , but there are megatons of better ones .
The action was infrequent and boring .
Nothing new is offered in this film .
Then for no reason at all the man in the trees head just falls of and hits the guy under him .
While more characterization was needed in the beginning half , it was not too bad .
The superficiality this creates is not just annoying , it 's maddening .
Somehow they are supposed to stop a wedding from happening but there 's no logic behind their actions .
I mean , this is supposed to be a comedy .
This town is dull and so is this film .
Trinity is my name and i find that this one is worse then the first one .
Basically this is a supernatural slasher movie .
This might be due to the uninspired dialog they were given .
The use of virtual sets almost works but at some points it fails miserably .
I blame the director not using the premise to it 's full potential .
The ending was especially disappointing .
For one thing , he 's a musician , not a movie director .
There are a few scene gems nestled inside this pile of crap but none can redeem the limp plot .
The acting was , almost without exception , amateurish .
The last scene in the movie is painfully unconvincing .
I have to tell you that the men were not bad to look at , but not much either .
This is nothing more than lots of random scenes strung together in a loose attempt at a story .
Jody was confident and sexy , but the character did nothing and went nowhere .
Everyone is poor and seemingly ignorant .
This is too dated to be anything but bad .
It does not look particularly good and is not scary or creepy , just cheap .
The supposed happy ending is one of the most depressing ever conceived .
The murders are pretty lame , basically strangulation .
The acting is alright at best but as usual the kid annoys .
I can imagine the guy writing the script in a hurry , picking up his paycheck , and running off .
They story line of the movie also sucks , the story jump here and there and bored people .
Surely at some point during either the shooting or editing you realised what a turkey yolu had on your hands ...
The plot drags on and on , and viewers must suffer through poor dialogue .
The fact that something this crude works , even briefly , is an object lesson in itself .
It 's got some laughable acting , not to mention one of the stupidest plots ever .
The set design and special effects are poor .
I am stunned to discover the amount of fans this show has .
They are twenty seconds or more and are there simply to add filler to an already bloated three hour movie .
The writing , though coherent , is nothing new .
First of all , the acting is terrible , and the movie makes absolutely no sense at all .
And if somebody ca not stand large amount of nudity , then stay away as well .
He was supposed to be blind after failed execution but he walks and kills people like he used to .
I ca not imagine how anyone could have read this badly written script and given it the greenlight .
It added nothing to the plot and served only to demean successful women .
The plot was all over the place , if existent .
The beginning is bearable , but it goes downhill pretty quickly .
I 'd avoid and look out for better efforts .
It 's a really bad film that you have to stay away from .
Unfortunately , they are stupid beyond belief .
Not that the film was a complete disaster .
Maaan , where do i start with this god awful movie .
And the idea , while not original , had potential .
Looks like the production budget was very generous as well .
I guess scientists and forest rangers just do not think about those types of things .
Bad lighting , props , poor sound post production .
Next , we come to the acting , which is simply horrible .
This is a catastrophe of a movie with no redeeming value .
Movies with terrible computer generated , super imposed monsters and such like , very unappealing .
Even the film industry recognized this was a very weak film and did not even try to promote it .
Stapleton has several vulgar lines that are only obnoxious , not funny .
Her performance is dreadful , to boot .
This film was choppy , incoherent and contrived .
I still think the movie was a bad sequel , but that does not mean it 's horrible .
And the emergencies are confusing because they 're ill focused .
Too bad they did not make use of it .
No mass rising of the dead , no walking army of corpses , nothing .
This show may take the cake for being the worst film of all time .
I was really , really disappointed with this movie .
Whatever the merits of the film , it is poorly researched .
The genderisms are plentiful , and about as irritating as an army of angry ants .
All of this is excruciatingly boring .
The biggest problem is this movie has no real story .
The film looks cheap and badly edited at times .
The film editing is a joke , my teenager could do better .
If ever there was a film that deserved a big fat zero rating it 's this pile of crap .
It 's rubbish but not as bad as some might say .
Like many movies of this era , the idea is nice , but the execution and the script is mediocre .
Plus , the pacing of this movie seems to be off .
It is just as cheap as the entire production .
There 's nothing wrong with the performances .
I found the latter to be disappointing but it was still better than this film .
Whoever wrote this turkey should be banned from writing another movie for their entire lives .
It starts off badly and just deteriorates .
The director of this film is a total hack .
This tedious excercise in technique wears thin after the opening battle .
It just ends like they just realized that they had run out of money and had to film a quickie ending .
Both leads come across as unappealing , unattractive and completely unconvincing .
James is in every scene , he can not act to save his life .
Their scenes are quite funny first and then get boring
And while it was a very interesting idea in concept , in reality it has failed miserably .
It 's certainly a horrifying proposition to waste your time watching this crap .
Rotten tomatoes had a good rating for this too .
There is no way to avoid a comparison between
There is no character background or even an introduction to any of the characters .
For me the only reason for having a look at this remake was to see how bad and funny it could be .
This film is nothing if not a glaring definition as to what narcissism and sociopathy are all about .
Virtually impossible to sit through the entire film .
Even if it 's a free ticket do not waste one moment viewing this movie .
Kind of like my random switching from talking about how bad the movie is , to explaining why the plot sucks .
Every store has a big huge bin of this crap sitting on the sales floor .
It 's as generic as generic gets , and there 's absolutely nothing here we have not seen done many times already .
It seemed to be trying way too hard to be ' artsy ' .
The scenes of zombie birds attacking people are not only technically inept but the whole idea is just absurd .
It approaches the abyssmal depths of bad movie making , and then gets even worse .
That 's the only type of person who would find this movie even remotely scary .
And in this movie , her acting is embarrassing .
The set and props were cheap and unrealistic .
You can be as big a believer as you want ... the majority of this film is mindless drivel .
For entertainment , the great opera singer should stick to singing ..... not that he 's a terrible actor .
Yeo and the producers are trying to pass off the terrible plot with fancy locations and passable photography .
Overall , unless it 's required , do not watch the film .
The plot was unnaturally predictable .
But the death of this film is attributable to its terrible screenplay .
The town of crazies has a few good moments , but is ultimately ruined by bad editing .
The acting was ridiculously bad , and the set design was cheesy and very tacky .
The big laughs were sparse , the plot was uninteresting , and the characters were one dimensional at best .
But really , it s just a bad story with a bad twist dumped on the end .
Not someone you 'd want to date , have as a friend or even consider as a role model .
If only every plastic surgeon could meet with such a fate .
The blood looks very fake and this movie overall , is pointless .
Unfortunately this is , without much exaggeration , the highlight of the film .
But even if you meet her halfway , her material here is seriously lacking .
The acting was lousy for the most part .
What appeals does it have except for sadism .
Interesting in it 's oddness but other than that it has absolutely nothing going for it .
Absolutely no redeeming qualities , utter utter turd .
Scary elements seems sometimes to have been added to the script without reason ...
The story was decent , and despite horrible dubbing , this could have been a good movie .
In sum , no plot , no truth and no real reason to spend much time here .
The hero and the villain in this movie were too plastic .
The rest of the film is pointless for in committing such an act of violence to film
He 's a beefy , disgusting , stupid thing .
Regardless of the favorable comments here , this film is awful .
Basically , the movie never fit the explanation on the press releases .
The only thing of interest here was their attempt to show the feds being a lot like the gang .
In any case , the lead players are miscast .
Strange people with generous tastes have been reviewing this film .
The only difference is , we are supposed to feel sorry for him because he 's a problem child .
The resulting film looks good but seems blah toward its subject of dehumanization in favor of status .
The story ends up reaching nowhere , although it appears to go to some direction during the movie .
For the amount of dialogue and significant moments , the movie could have been an hour shorter .
My only reservation was that the plot seemed a little too thin .
The plot left much to be desired and the rest of the acting was also terrible .
This movie seemed to be focused on amusing children , but could not even accomplish that .
Since then everything he 's done has been horrible .
Features the worst rhyming clown ever .
I have not seen the old movie .. but why would they want to remake a movie like this .
Also , the characters were shallow and uninteresting .
Almost everything about it was laughable .
The worst aspect was that it did not stop at that point .
Unfortunately it really is not a good movie .
Cecil grabs a phone book , looks up the name of a preacher , and calls him in the middle of the night .
They are entirely different stories with major plot differences .
Interesting idea and storyline which did not quite work .
This movie was , in a word , rotten .
In my book , that 's not funny , that 's pathetic .
They did not even use the hotel to it 's fullest potential ...
I want my money back , this rental stinks worse than a skunk .
Shaquille seemed to try his best with an unlikable kid and a bad script .
This script should have been used to line a bird cage , not a movie .
That said , there was only one killing in the entire movie and it was pretty lame at that .
This also was a route for the poor from the mountains .
The acting is wooden , the effects are crap and the set is a couple off rooms used over and over again .
It would have ended the same way regardless .
Mediocre acting bogs down this film .
The opening credits of the film was somehow promising .
Led by a crappy director and thin plot , this has got to be the dumbest movie ever .
There 's a complete lack of reasoning for its actions , it just kills people for no obvious reason .
I wonder how camels and date palm trees were missing from the whole picture .
Many stupid scenes with people acting stupid does not make for a comedy .
The more direction an actor got , the worse he performed .
You hope in vain , it only goes downhill from there .
It 's so bad in every way it 's a wonder how it was even made .
Dumb story , mediocre dialogue and an overall cheap looking film .
The plot is thin enough to see through and the writing is insipid .
The shots were badly timed and poorly framed .
I watched the film recently and it poorly resembles the book is based on .
Watch it if you have nothing better to do .
Jill is a total dog who is not the girl on the cover .
This flick is not even funny , not speaking of anything else .
The main character is an obnoxious show off who is not the least bit funny .
There are several rubbish moments like this , thanks largely to poor editing .
Acting is very flat and a very predictable plot .
There are some scientists , and some forest rangers , and a hot chick with huge fake breasts .
This one , though , is by far the worst thing he 's ever done , and that is a major accomplishment on his part .
Everything about this film was terrible .
It seemed like it was predictable and cheesy .
The quality of the images were terrible .
And i 'm not kidding good snake out of nowhere .
How anyone could read this script and think ,
Women spoke stiltedly and the men were caricatures .
Women spoke stiltedly and the men were caricatures .
Neither is really charismatic or has much sex appeal .
The concept is good , but the storytelling is flimsy .
The only positive thing i can say about this movie is it has three girls in it .
Granted some of the actors and actresses are attractive but when confronted with such boring action ...
The performances are all adequate , but this time the script lets us down .
The acting sucks , the whole thing was obviously dubbed anyway but no one in this thing can act .
It 's a loud , tedious series of flashy edits , ridiculous sound effects and cartoon violence .
None of the three offer anything of substance , comically or otherwise .
Unfortunately the movie took itself way too seriously .
A bunch of songs does not a movie make .
Some scenes are incredibly inept in conveying just what is supposed to be happening , if anything is .
Do not get me wrong the rape scene was just as sad and scary but it did not really bother me to a dramatic point .
The title of worse film of all time is one that gets handed out quickly and often .
At least they could 've make them black .
This movie became redundant , retarded , and ridiculous after the first twenty seconds had gone by .
We could not have chosen a worse movie .
In all seriousness though one has to wonder how much cocaine was being used to furnish an idea so stupid .
It seem to be a vehicle for promoting there band and nothing more .
The acting is merely competent , but the lack of gore and mutilation left me disappointed .
This is crude , simplistic student politics made into drama .
That may be okay to make a point , but it did not seem to be used that way here .
Oh , and the songs are so bad and so long .
There are usually little clever thing in them that are not really in any other .
Other than that , this movie has no redeeming features .
Lee does his best to bring fun to a silly situation , but the movie just fails to make a connect .
This film is so bad that its painful .
Oh , the screenwriter threw around all the jargon intended to evoke a sense of serious engaged wonderment .
It looks and feels cheap , with a large cast lost amidst messy direction and unfocused handling .
This is a movie that might appeal only to kids .
The plot is extremely contrived and manipulative .
Derivative does not even begin to describe this movie .
This was not a good movie , it was a dreadful movie .
The storyline and dialogue are beyond amateurish .
This was a disappointing horror film about a snotty young girl and her nightmares .
Annoying overwhelming music to push the emotion down your throat .
Really , there is no character development and no real plot to speak of .
The minor characters are laughable and overact something terrible .
Needs a little work , but could be worse .
I really was hoping it would be at least as good as the second one .
Battle scenes are a mess too , with no geography between cuts .
The production values on this one are pretty bad and the acting is atrocious .
The problem with this movie is not that no interesting ideas exist because they do .
The story line is a scrambled mess , but some scenes are actually good .
It 's a sad and forgettable performance in a dismal , awful rehash of a cinema classic .
The story was so ridiculous and implausible that it lost my interest altogether .
The writing and direction is on a par with the cast .
The surface plot is about a whaling ship , and then there is a ritual about making whale fat .
Endless upon endless scenes that do not do jack to move the already non existent plot along .
If you like that stuff , then this film is not that bad really .
Seed is another most unfortunate of proof that .
This is one of those movies were the script writes itself .
Unfortunately , it falls flat very soon .
Oh it was painful and the same can be said about the lively rotten music score accompanying the picture .
Problem solved , we now have the opportunity for numerous foreboding tunnel shots .
They actually just destroyed the story , period .
You will probably want to see this movie just because of its reputation of being awful .
The sets were staged out in the desert to cut costs .
He can not sing and he is ugly as sin .
Life is limbo , a big nothing , feel it and move on .
Just some dull beatings and a lot of chat by boring characters .
The soundtrack was another mishmash of stuff that really never set any sort of mood .
A town wants to bully some forest creatures and blame them for doing bad stuff .
Firstly the characters are all pretty dull .
Even the cameos fail to liven anything up .
A lousy attempt at high drama , the actors take long , pregnant pauses between lines many times .
Even the computer animation and good voice work are not enough to redeem this terrible flick .
The acting is weak and uninspiring , the story even weaker .
I was hoping for something a little more .
Sometimes even if something is acceptable in comic , in cinema it looks just stupid .
But this was really bad , even with low expectations .
I sat enrapt through much of the video wondering why anyone would go to the bother of making it .
The scene transitions are horrible .
I really like slasher movies , but this one is truly awful .
Cheap does not even begin to describe the budget here with .
In driving the family daughter to a communist dinner he becomes acquainted .
The teachers talked about it as a treat but really it was a painfully boring experience .
The camera work in this movie is just atrocious .
The woman was not ill , but all the candidates were .
It is obvious some scenes are written to do just that , advertising .
Basically , they see us as a bunch of idiots .
I ca not tell about the acting since the script was so terrible .
The premise of the show is interesting .
It is such a ridiculous movie it insults the person who tries to identify with the main characters .
I was , however , entirely disappointed with this movie .
At least the scenes flow in a way that is not confusing and he has a few clever shots here and there .
It 's mostly a lot of boring footage of the people camping , hiking , riding horses , and watching wild life .
I feel sorry for anyone who has to sit through this painful hour and a half .
Otherwise , save your money for his later films , because they rock big time .
The rest of the score was eminently forgettable .
You would be better off to rent a tape full of static than to waste your time on this crap .
Walter 's story lacks the betrayal .
What really drags this story down is the work done by the director and the actors .
How can you make a movie about nothing .
However , he never seems to grasp the idea that clichés exist for a reason .
I found this a good movie to pass your time , but not by any chance of any historical value .
The ending from this movie is extremely ridiculous .
There is nothing at all to redeem this movie .
The crow motif , the desert , the family driving in desperation to escape or avoid possession are tired .
It was the only film that he ever directed , and the reason is obvious .
Everything was just predicable and annoying .
Unfortunately , the film itself is a dud .
This one offers a group going through the motions , not that the filmmakers provide much support .
Overlong drama that is not capable of making any real point .
And the big brother with the parental role is just awful .
The rest of the cast was wooden at best , but mostly paper .
If they had billed it as a comedy that would be one thing but to say it is reality is nothing short of a lie .
The plot becomes so unbelievable and artificial that it 's almost unbearable to watch .
Blue actually is is pernicious , trite , badly made , dishonest rubbish .
The pace is slow , terrible character development .
It was still better than listening to the dialogue in this painfully dull story .
Then they discuss how boring the young cop is .
But fortunately or unfortunately the film was a failure .
It s an incoherent attempt at a atmospheric period cross between sex and violence .
It goes from one scene to the next without anything remotely interesting or scary happening .
This show was boring and the matches were too short .
I was not even sure what the film was about tbh it did not make a lot of sense and the violence was awful .
The alligator is a rather silly creation .
Finally , the killings were so fake as to be virtually unwatchable .
This woman could literally act the paint off walls .
I 've seen a lot of stupid plotlines in my time , but this one is among the worst .
This movie could not decide which one it wanted to be , so it ended up being a joke on itself .
Oh yea and none of them knows how to aim .
Not in an overacting obvious kind of way .
Let 's just ignore the ludicrous pseudoscience and move on ...
The plot is basically non existent .
Considering it does have its moments it was not too horrible .
This film is the worst film , but it ranks very high for me .
He does not look scary , act scary or even come across as someone who would like football .
However , when he 's at his worst his movies can stench of pretentiousness .
Making matters worse he does it with a slow and dispassionate approach that never catches fire .
It 's not even an interesting train wreck .
The film relies on its dialogue which is sophomoric , moronic , and crude .
Was the viewer supposed to get the story line in the first four minutes of the film .
Too many unnecessary flashbacks is a typical sign of an amateur director .
The premise was intriguing , but sadly this film just does not do any justice to it .
Lack of budget is okay , if there 's a story .
However she crashes her truck nearby a forest while chased by the gang .
Here 's where the plot gets a little silly .
This might be the poorest example of amateur propaganda ever made .
At eighty four minutes , this picture was about an hour and a half too long .
Gore for the sake of gore is pointless .
The possibilities here are watered down .
Oh , and to whoever did not think she was sexy ...
Seems like it was directed by a total idiot ..
But the story is nothing like the original one .
It 's designed to scare poor suckers into being saved .
The writing is bad , the acting is bad and the special effects are bad .
It was obvious he was not going to be the one either .
What kills this movie is that it 's just plain and simple boring .
Last , but not least the ending is terrible .
It 's so awful that a kindergarten class could have made it .
There was no suspense whatsoever and the gore factor was laughable because it was so fake .
Terrible jump cuts , awful camera work , clunky ins and outs to scenes .
Just a major let down , to many people in the ring at the same time .
The movie was really weird and had no plot or reason to its script and people demanded their money back .
Words ca not simply describe how awful this film is .
The two last stories are basically stretched out for too long .
The storytelling , in both structure and content , is simplistic and trite .
The movie was silent until someone spoke a couple of minutes in .
I wo not even dignify this terrible picture by divulging , as it 's a waste of my time and yours .
Any fighting is more or less surrealistic .
Would someone tell shaq to stick to what he is good at basketball .
The intro was stupid just like the ending .
Final word is this movie was a terrible letdown for me .
You 're actually almost tempted to think this is just a contemporary hype .
Right away , this film was ridiculous .
I suppose if you have not read the book , it might be ok by itself .
There was no reason for this movie to have been made other than to make me angry ...
So it 's a bad movie , but there are much worse ones out there .
It could have looked like anything .
The characters are sadly underdeveloped , making it difficult for us to have any sort of connection with them .
I think that his writing was just as bad as his direction .
Nothing terribly special , but definitely interesting if one comes with no expectations or assumptions .
Neither part is interesting in itself and the whole does not get any better .
Anyhoo , decent cinematography and fair acting could not quite make up for bad dialog and terrible writing .
I refer specifically to the distinct lack of nudity and simulated sex scenes .
This movie is not that interesting , except for the first ten minutes .
Unfortunately , it is the only battle scene of the film .
The movie lacks coherence and characters seem to have no common sense at all .
The horrible editing is distracting as well , the opening credits are too fast and disorienting .
He is not unlikable , but lacks charisma , seeming a little too bland and polished .
This film is not in any way appealing to either sex .
Everybody else is equally unconvincing , so much that they even look bored at times themselves .
Most of such scenes are redundant and tiresome , completely failing to engage viewers emotionally .
Boll 's camera work is astonishingly disjointed .
The production standards are atrocious .
I suppose working on this film did not appeal to the really good voice over talent out there .
This is edited badly and what started out as somewhat intriguing became an incomprehensible mess .
This is an interesting idea gone bad .
But really , this film does not have much of a plot .
His suspicions are so weak that the bad guys have nothing to worry about .
It uses just about every cliché in the book .
They are routinely annoying , and at times unbearable .
There 's nothing good about this stinker .
First of all , the plot is totally hopeless , and the acting truly awful .
I would have turned the movie off in disgust if the roles were reversed .
As it plunges toward the ground , parts are break off the ship .
The thing that made this film so terrible was enough reasons to want to kill yourself over .
As a satire it 's very silly , so silly that it becomes almost unwatchable .
Because all the characters are so irritating that it 's impossible to bear .
There was not one original idea in this story .
It 's true that this movie 's two leads were sadly miscast .
I felt that this movie was a failed attempt at distasteful humor .
Once that happened it seemed volume was used as the main effect which was more annoying than anything else .
If there is any acting , it is terrible or way over the top .
The plot being the mother and son feast on the blood of young women .
But , this movie was horrible and there is no way around it .
It was clearly a case of someone making a buck off a cheap movie designed to scam people .
But a few mildly funny moments hardly make up for watching two hours of complete fabricated dross .
The filmmakers hoped to elicit some smiles from us but basically made me groan .
The film starts off as a psychological thriller , but a predictable one at that .
If they want to make a movie with a lousy story , they should refrain from giving it a title of a fine book .
First of all , this film lacks originality in a way few others do .
A truly muddled incomprehensible mess .
Saying this movie is extremely hard to follow and just as frustrating to sit through is putting it very mildly .
Saif tries to act like he is one hell of an actor .
The monster , after it is exposed , is not very scary either unfortunately .
The movie is like a girl with no personality , after awhile it kind of gets bland and tiring .
It is not scary at all , the special effects are hopelessly lame .
Not that anything else was really working anyway .
This movie does not follow the storyline in the book .
Do not watch this if you actually want plot or characterization or anything at all to make sense .
Nothing seems to even try and be realistic .
Unfortunately it 's all style and no substance .
Unfortunately , it does not happen .
The acting , if any , is ultra bad .
The pervasive nudity is a major distraction from whatever plot there is .
In addition , special effects of this film are incredibly cheap and laughable .
From there you basically have a fat whiny guy talking in a very effeminate way about his dull life as a temp .
This piece of filth is virtually impossible to follow .
Thumbs down on this big fat turkey .
Like you can expect from a movie such as this , it has a very weak script .
There 's nothing redeeming about this turd except for its beautiful animation .
This movie is unbearable to watch if you have read the book .
Mike talked of how the date was okay , but how the obnoxious mother kept butting in .
No script , just making it up as he went along .
I have been an environmentalist for years and was really looking forward to this show .
Do not spend your money or your time on this pitiful piece of film in the guise of cinematography .
It 's difficult not to sit through this failure and wonder what better projects were passed over to fund it .
They usually do not stick to the point .
It sounds like those poorly made sequels that just try to copy the original film 's qualities .
It runs a half hour longer , and is actually kind of dull , too , but at least it was pretty .
Although , the gore and nudity are not enough for the poor audio and visual quality of the film .
Unfortunately , while the film is historically important and has some lovely performances , it 's also a mess .
But the whole movie idea was a big mistake .
The kids songs are kinda of annoying and the so are the kids .
Mostly , the problems are in the script .
Finally , the evil gay chick was too much the movie was just crap from the beginning .
The abuse of his hold on ethnic movie goers is a shame .
It just gets downright absurd from then , like something out of a cheap comic book .
Ilias , our nominal hero is bland and forgettable .
The dialogue is utterly ridiculous .
The main problem was this movie was clearly just a concept created to appeal to baby boomers .
The main problem was this movie was clearly just a concept created to appeal to baby boomers .
Bodies are bony and shot in such closeup that they look quite ugly and unappealing .
There 's barely any dialogue either .
Other than that , he is just a media monkey , who presumes himself a director with an artistic talent .
A walk with the dog is far superior entertainment to this unbelievably lame movie .
This movie fails on so many levels .
This movie probably would have been better if it was not for the acting .
Unfortunately , the picture is requisite ham , fun for awhile but eventually tiring .
The only thing interesting about this movie is the box .
Oh , but on a positive note , one scene you need to watch is when the aliens first begin killing people .
With this kind of drive hopefully next time they can focus it on a better script .
This was as poorly thought out and carried out as can be .
All the other characters wonder if he 's dead or not , finally concluding that he is .
Just about everything is totally forced , unconvincing and unrealistic .
As you can see this movie just fails to deliver anything remotely entertaining .
The only thing that frustrated me more than the insufferable acting of the copycat was his haircut .
Not as bad as some are making it out to be , though obviously pathetic compared to the original .
I do not believe that the actors were genuinely bad .
They even tried to make it funny by giving the house servants stupid accents which actually ....
There was absolutely no story line at all , bad jokes , and the other comedian said
It is very sad how wrong facts have been tossed around with no reliable scholarly sources .
I am stunned by how positive most reviews seem to be .
So what did work here , the answer is nothing at all .
They do not have any talent to act in a convincing manner .
The really terribly bad horror film .
I gave this a four purely out of its historical context .
The greatest failure of this movie was the complete lack of any twists turns , or anything of interest .
The script is light and the actors try to hard to beef up paper thin lines by overacting .
You 're too old , too slow , and too fat .
The acting is horrendous and the script is utterly incoherent .
Whoever played the town sheriff was awful also .
But it turned out to be the the biggest let down .
The direction was all over the place .
I 'm not really sure why someone would make a movie like this .
The awful dialog is probably the fault of the writer .
The acting was incredibly bad , worse than safeauto commercials bad .
The other half is terribly lacking .
Finally , too bad the script writer was not the victim .
The music dramatically goes up and down like it 's a major dramatic story .
Bad acting , bad plot , bad jokes , bad movie .
The acting is the least appealing thing about this film .
His performance was a little over the top and unintentionally laughable at moments .
This film commits the capital sin of being boring .
It 's silly , not thoughtful , and boring .
Another too bad the lowest they can go here is one .
This student desires to kill off the entire class for revenge .
Here is where everything rapidly starts to dissolve into dull cheese .
It 's just that the horrid direction and production that ruin the movie .
The plot twists a few times , but the ending is awful .
This movie has one redeeming feature .
It just simply happens , then nothing happens for an hour , then something interesting happens and then it ends .
It was weak , with weaker dialogue .
The killings are hilarious and the dialogs are painfully stupid .
The story seems forced and lacks the sweetness of the original .
Plus , the acting is so poor , it makes me positively ill .
The dramatic pauses between lines was awful .
Must confess to having seen a few howlers in my time , but this one is up there with the worst of them .
Unfortunately , barely any questions were answered , barely any open doors shut .
This movie could have been short if they took out songs , flashbacks , stick to the point .
The picture quality and sound quality are poor in this film .
Asano 's character is undeveloped and even he looks like he is bored and does not know what he is doing there .
No one seemed to mention this fact .
He plays an annoyingly peppy character who basically comes off as mildly retarded and on speed .
Out of control editing and cinematography that matches up with a terrible plot .
I gave this movie a single star only because it was impossible to give it less .
I found the new characters that were added in the second season to be too ridiculous and amateurish .
I found the new characters that were added in the second season to be too ridiculous and amateurish .
Just the accents and names were different .
And there really is no excuse for that .
Instead , it comes off like a male fantasy that 's trying hard not to be politically incorrect .
The direction is uninspired as well .
But as the times goes by it s just a pointless movie about muted , supernatural , silent serial killer .
And the way the story ends , everything seems pointless .
Then , there is a ' big guy ' and a couple of dumb losers and chicks who are supposed to be ' hot ' but are not .
I have no idea what the movie was about .
It 's so badly written , directed and acted that it barely makes an impression .
I hope the people in this movie had a great time making it , then at least it was not a total waste .
Jane looks ugly and is nothing more but stupid and brainless shooting and killing .
This film is basically a love triangle with zombies .
They even tried to do some lame punk thing with the theme song .
This bomb is just one ' explosion ' after another , with no humor and only absurd situations .
If you want to see nude women or bad acting , rent any porno movie .
However this comes from the fact that you ca not make heads or tails of this mess .
Unfortunately , the film was so technically bad it takes away from the brilliance of the story .
But the alligator itself , the main attraction of the movie , is obviously fake looking .
Probarly the worst script in history some extremely embarrassing quotes i have ever heard in my life .
It 's a shame , because the concept behind the film is a good one , and the first ten minutes promise much .
I was really disappointed with this film .
Overall , the show looks very good on paper , but just does not succeed in being funny or interesting .
Some scenes seemed promising , playing with visual dimensions , but could not hold up the rest .
The premise was interesting , but the execution of it fell short .
The usual procedure is to shoot victims on site in an attempt to stave off the disease .
I remember there was someone of the directors staff there , do not even remember who .
It reaches the point where they become obnoxious and simply frustrating .
Not only the acting was bad , the characters were incredibly stupid as well .
Bad acting and stupid gore effects .
I was so annoyed by all the lame jokes i forgot .
Townsend had a decent concept with this film , but sadly the execution is what ultimately hurt this film .
You 'd do well to avoid this turkey , even at a bargain basement price .
Under any circumstances please do not hire the composer or music supervisor to do any of your future films .
Ah ... but here 's what it 's all about ... the doctors are trying to kill him in order to take his money .
In this film , i am actually ashamed to be one of his fans especially in this movie , it was just really bad .
I wish they would not do that , it 's done so many times , it 's boring and gets predictable .
It boggles my mind how one joke after the other can be so profoundly unfunny .
After that event , someone starts to kill the rest of the members of the club one by one .
The new footage , shot on video , really sticks out as poorly done .
To be fair , the makeup is actually better than the actor inside of it , but the continuity is infinitely worse .
We 're talking really bad directing .
The terrible tragedy is that he was in it .
Steer clear of this one if you value your time and money .
The dramatic scenes are so badly acted and handled that they make this movie a chore to sit through .
Believe me , you will miss nothing plotwise by skipping the other scenes , and it will make just as much sense .
The acting by the three leads is wooden .
The story though is so disjointed its boring with it and comes to no conclusion .
This is one movie it 's almost impossible to write a spoiler for .... because nothing much happens .
It 's just dull and endless and not worth the time .
I would recommend you to avoid this film , unless you want your opinion about the two actors spoiled .
This is a really bad film with bad taste and bad actors .
I am sure with all the adrenaline pumping through them they are going to just fall asleep .
The acting was deplorable and the story was even worse .
The main bad guy keeps saying make them die slowly , yet the butcher kills them all very fast .
Then , that man is dying in a hospital , spitting up blood .
Arquette , who has proven he is a good actor , is awful here .
This was one to skip for horrorfest .
Half of the dialogue consists of useless cliches .
Quite simply , the direction just sucks .
There is no horror , black humor , only an absolutely boring story , with shameful plot points .
The biggest letdown is a lack of a story .
But because so much is gone of the old chemistry , this film already is severely handicapped .
Overall , extremely horrible casting and the story is badly told .
Moore seems to haggardly move through this mess definitely not one of his better efforts .
Soulless milking of cash cow franchise .
It also appears that the helmets were in a bin and handed to whichever actor wandered by next .
It seems they tried to make a movie to show the reel life .
The gaps between lines spoken should have been tightened up during editing as it considerably slows the film .
The action is indicative of low budget movie making , which means it is painfully bad .
The movie drags to long for the supposed shocking conclusion ..
Nothing in particular , just any movie .
It s a film that sits on the video shelf and gathers dust .
There is nothing remotely horrific about it .
So awful , that i have it dumped at the second hand goods store for extra cash .
It 's a collection of plain and poorly told events , with no suspension and thrill .
This is part of the reason why the film descends into poor schlock .
I was hoping it was going to get better , but it does not .
Apart from the first episode all the other become more boring and boring .
In my opinion it has destroyed all positive intentions of producers .
Except that there was no follow up on that .
So , in conclusion , boring fights .
The producers and writers aimed really high with this , but fell really low .
Little plot errors like this really ruined the movie for me .
Only , there was not any substance to what they were doing .
The really badly animated clay toys are too painful to watch .
But if they all turned out like this , that is not a bad thing .
Diabolical script and dialogue and truly embarrassing acting .
It 's all tiresome , slow moving , unimaginative drivel .
Industrial waste is still industrial waste .
These are not even characters , they 're plot functions .
The worst thing is the obviousness of it all .
The plot is boring and disjointed , like a reality show but not so slickly made .
It would have been better off as such .
You 're better off skipping this one .
The only other member of this order is a funny alcoholic fat guy .
Otherwise , you may want to skip this one .
Not only is he uneducated , he is starving .
There is not a single person this film could possibly connect to .
The bad effects and script are not enough to make you watch it .
What disappoints me is this could have been a lot more if someone had wrote a decent script for it .
It 's a very poorly done film with a lot of violence .
The stories are not too bad either .
Nope , it 's all one camera , bad angles , and bad blood scenes .
The lead actors are not bad either .
There was absolutely nothing good to say about this movie .
Consequence from being trash and not funny trash , just plain old stinking trash .
I do not even care enough to look him up .
It was simply embarrassing to watch .
The futile attempt at using the word wee a few times did nothing but to further the insult .
It was as if the actors and actresses were given the subject and were allowed to improvise the dialogs .
The storyline was bad to begin with and the twist actually ruined any glimmer of hope there was .
It was slow , boring , not scary , not funny , not dramatic , not entertaining .
But the political comment is rather lame and uninspired .
If you had not read the book , you 'd have no idea what was going on .
To say this film stinks would be insulting to skunks .
Nearly every single character is awful , apart from that freaky frog guy , who is just right for a movie villain .
The bad guy even looked like he had horns .
There is no decipherable plot or story , the special effects are a joke , and even the sound is terrible .
Neither really seemed to be able to break out to other types of roles , assuming they were simply typecast .
The opening scene of this film has virtually nothing to do with the rest of the story .
Unfortunately , the quality of the presentation , itself , is hackneyed and cheap .
I just found it an incredible waste of time and money .
Unfortunately , this presentation does not seem to possess even a minute or two 's worth of such material .
People who think they will see a crime drama , take my advice and do not waste your time or money on this loser .
I have no one to blame except myself .
The list of bad films could be endless ...
Shame really , this could have turned out a lot better .
Regardless of background we have dealt with good and bad breakers of wild horses .
With lesser actors this show would be silly .
Shaq better just stick to basketball .
This movie must have been the absolute worst movie i have ever seen .
Even if they are implausible and silly .
If you feel compelled to watch it , avoid at all costs seeing it in a cinema .
Hanks contributes a stellar performance for this work , but even that was not enough to save it .
The dialogues are embarrassing and there 's absolutely no tension to detect anywhere .
The acting was not that bad , it was not good or anything .
Seagal eventually appears in person to shoot two guys in the head .
This film has nothing of note in it .
I suppose the story would not technically support much more .
Also , nothing of any consequence was being filmed .
But this film is just as bad as it looks in the previews .
Throughout the movie , we 're supposed to guess who 's the killer .
I just kept watching the movie hoping it would get interesting at some point , but it never does .
The mask and claws were little better than off the shelf jobs from any costume store .
This movie had me dry heaving in the cat box .
But he goes on watching it none the less .
There is nothing decent about this film .
No one really writes that it just happens like improv gone horribly wrong .
There 's nothing going for this movie whatsoever .
The acting in the movie was very wooden .
Our heroine in this movie is a worthless piece of crap , and you really do not care if she dies or not .
One has to wonder if at any point in the production of this film a script existed that made any sense .
The only writing on this plane was the name of the company that made the aircraft .
After this , discipline brakes down into a madhouse level and the film becomes unwatchable .
It is a shame even to talk about this movie .
Nothing much is explained about them .
Townsend is not believable as someone who would even have a girlfriend because he acts so gay .
Unless you want to torture someone , give this one a wide berth .
This may be due to the extension of his joyless personal life , which was full of disappointment and regret .
This is one turkey that should never have been made .
It seems this film was randomly pieced together without the slightest attempt at continuity or consistency .
It would have been the film 's potential saving grace .
The sets and props are so ridiculously fake , making any college film look mega budget .
This movie does not even deserve a one .
I know there was not much of a script , but you could have added to it .
Oh , and there 's a twist ending involving the supposedly dead brother that makes absolutely no sense whatsoever .
It had a little potential , but it was beyond a mess .
This horror movie becomes very funny considering the absurd of the plot .
Unfortunately this flick falls short even there .
A couple of laughs , but nothing to write home about .
The makers of this piece of garbage sure did not care .
The giant rat monster at the end looks pretty poor as it 's just a guy in a dodgy suit .
It did not bother me , but if i were a parent i could see a problem .
Maybe , but editing is supposed to make your work more accessible , not less .
You will have less stress and you will save movie goers some money and a bad night .
This movie is a very poor attempt to make money using a classical theme .
I have nothing against religious movies .
It was an extremely disappointing end and did not make a lot of sense .
Too much tease and not enough sleaze makes this a major disappointment .
The worst break , however , precedes the popcorn attack .
That journey is painfully slow and pointless .
Only their considerable talents save them from being completely humiliated .
Aside from that the plot is unrealistic .
I have read reviews stating that the show and the movie are nothing but racist .
He basically tries to have sex with his wife in every sequence .
I could not think of any other reason why this film would be made .
Motivations are either murky or trite .
Not even ' so bad , it 's good ' material .
One would think nothing happens there at all .
Worse than this there 's no fluidity .
The story is a nonsensical mess that is not worth trying to figure out .
The supporting cast make better cardboard cutouts at the local video store than they do on screen .
Another film which simply relies on blood and gore instead of any real cinematic experience .
It 's even worse than his last cannibals and zombies epics .
The idea of a woman finding out she was pregnant after getting a quickie divorce just is not all that funny .
But , especially considering its obscurity in her oeuvre , it 's not one of her worst , either .
She runs outside screaming for help .
He 's a terrible actor , like everyone else in this movie , and he wrote it , to add salt to the wound .
There was absolutely no acting to speak of .
As we 've said , this film has no redeeming values .
Each story has only a few minutes , so there is no development of characters and nearly no plot .
The rest of the show is just so bad it 's bad .
Anyone who could find redeeming value in this piece of crap ought to have their head examined .
But even as an empty box , the film fails close scrutiny .
I shall not waste my time writing anything much further about how every aspect of this film is indescribably bad .
No tension , no suspense , no dread , no fear , no empathy , no catharsis , no nothing .
This movie was stupid , pointless , and made no sense with a lot of plot holes .
I realize that most bollywood movies are not meant to be plausible , but they do not pretend to be either .
That 's telling you how horrible this movie is .
There is bright flashy objects and random movements .
Unfortunately , it 's a story that really did not need to be told .
There were ridiculous special effects and no connection with any of the characters .
Then you get into the acting , and of course those really laughable haircuts .
Also , whatever is happening on screen that is actually tolerable quickly ends .
Some of them technically are the same , but they 're only similar in name .
Her character was possibly the most annoying one in the movie .
This is one of the most badly made horror films it 's been my misfortune to watch , the entire thing just sucks .
Sorry , but this movie absolutely stinks .
The cover alone , depicting ninjas with machine guns , was enough to get me to rent this film .
Then the news girls one was completely retarded too .
I just found it to be so bad it was murderously boring .
This movie was just down right bad .
Someone must have directed her to scream at all costs .
Someone must have directed her to scream at all costs .
To me this is a sign of bad direction through and through .
I do not care if he was trying to make the girl happy , that 's just gross .
This is not science fiction aside from the original premise .
I saw this movie at my local video store , and the cover looked like it could be a decent horror movie .
I had to fast forward through some of it because it was so painful to watch .
Overall , this was just a colossal disappointment .
There is nothing original in this movie to support it so they had to use something which is already famous .
Chillers also features one of the worst closing theme songs ever , period .
I guess i can say this show just sucks .
Too bad they 're surrounded by what must have been the director 's relatives .
Unequivocally , the worst movie ever made .
The plot is absurd and the acting excruciatingly stiff and amateurish .
I am so sorry that the industry allows crap like this to be shown on any type of medium .
I mean , really ... either i suddenly lost my sense of humor or this is just a really bad movie .
But , he really should not have directed this movie , and the screenplay should 've been rejected .
Some blind dude gets some new eyes , bad thing is that they belong to a mean old werewolf .
The acting is extremely cheesy , the special effects are horrible .
Honestly , this is a good example of when to not make a movie .
The directors either did not care or were lazy .
Everything becomes clear in the first ten minutes and from there on its like watching paint dry .
That should not be and that 's why it fails in its intent .
The effects are way too weak to carry this story .
The characters were either cheesy , over the top , annoying , or underdeveloped .
The plot was silly , all the way to the end .
And you really cant blame them since the events are all wildly unimaginative and lame .
This film is a great disappointment .
Thomas at least had the excuse that he was not really an actor .
Some unnecessary dialogue in which various dull legal issues get debated .
I 'm thinking that more money was spent on the cover artwork than the movie itself .
Decent acting and a not so bad direction ..
There is absolutely no point with this show whatsoever .
This film , however , was a quite disappointing experience .
I have never seen such a boring movie in my whole life .
Jeez , this movie was predictable and pretty boring .
But this movie fails so horribly there was no chance to rebound .
So , if you 're in the mood to even pick apart a movie , just because it 's bad .
The effects are , of course , poor .
As for the rest of the cast , uninspired .
What a big mistake ... it was a horrible start to my day .
There were sound loud shrill sounds at times too , those were also annoying .
But then that would have precluded the contrived drama following , and left an hour 's blank film in the camera .
This film goes nowhere fast and is quite predictable .
Terrible acting , with characters finding one mood and playing all of it .
The filmmakers do not have a clue , and neither do we .
Here we have a movie which fails in pretty much every way it is possible for a movie to fail .
The other thing about the movie is the far too predictable story .
There 's no plot to speak of , the characters are one dimensional , and the actors are sleepwalking .
His acting is just plain terrible , emotionless and contrived .
But who can blame them with material like this .
The stripper chick was just a distraction , even if she was decent looking .
It just did not do anything for me .
I was left out in an unbearable cold to freeze .
This film is too slow , this movie is too boring , and this movie is too talky .
I instead saw a miserable attempt at dialogue in a supposed kung fu movie .
I wo not take away from the actors as there is not much they could do with this bad script .
Guess only one actress was willing to go topless for this trite .
My wife would not let go of the remote .
It s basically a copy of the first movie with a reversed plot .
Unfortunately , the main characters do come off as complete cowards .
Most of the acting is so wooden the actors should be treated for dry rot .
The bank robbery was completely boring with gags that have been used in other movies .
Nothing you have not already seen before .
There may have been some dialogue here and there , but nothing comes to mind .
The acting was horrible as were the silly scenarios .
There 's no message , no meaning , no plot , nothing to it at all .
The logic at the end is ridiculous , with characters being killed off for nothing other than bodycount .
The acting is as flat as a piece of paper .
The characters they portray are shallow and unconvincing .
To wrap it up , this thing is a piece of crap that should stay flushed with the rest of the turds .
The characters are very stereotyped and unappealing .
If you manage to sit till the last then the climax is too long with silly and unnecessary stunts .
Movie as a whole ridiculous unless you like watching endless biplane dogfights .
The third was just flimsy enough to be funny .
Talk about leaden , boring and stiff .
I could not watch the entire film it was that bad .
I feel violated for wasting almost two hours of my life watching this vile filth .
I was also forced to sit through this weak translation of it on screen .
There is nothing going on in this movie .
Either way , they should never attempt to be in a movie again .
But the end was disappointing as well .
The worst noise in the whole movie had to be the weird groaning .
Have to say this is a bad , bad movie .
Yeah , the first film has nudity , but it does not show in every single scene .
The film is a disappointment , clear and simple .
But he 's so unlikeable throughout the game , that you almost do not even care at that point .
The acting is mediocre but the story does not help the film .
True is one of the worst movies ever made .
Everything from the sets to the cinematography just look cheap , feeble , and disgusting .
I nearly fell asleep with this one .
It was so disgusting , watching men dressed in the woman with yellow teeth and urinating on the car ...
The story did not have anything to do with what the back cover said .
At least it should be added in the film 's defense that all the actors seemed to invest in their roles .
The first song was okay but the next three did nothing for me .
What really bothered me about this movie was the makers ' absurd notion of surrogate mother .
It will be be on a bottom shelf in your local video store and will be covered in dust .
The acting is the only saving grace here .
It 's too obvious , too predictable .
The plot exposition is very poorly rendered .
I could not have been the only one .
For what it tries to be , it 's not too bad .
Do not even bother with this piece of trash .
There were some attractive women in this movie and perhaps that is one decent quality .
With the whole execution of the movie depending solidly on the impossible to imagine , the film fails to deliver .
Its unfortunate that so much talent went into producing such a lackluster movie .
I am in such desperate need to see the original again now , in order to cleanse my disappointed soul .
This is probably the worst ... and that 's saying a lot .
First off , the premise is not funny or engaging at all .
He gets no benefit , no money , nothing pretending to be another person .
Take the long scenes with no dialogue and dreary , sparse scenery .
We are left wondering why we should care about this .
He did nothing here more than anything he did before or after .
The effects were cheesy , and looked terribly fake .
This film lacks any meaning , any purpose .
To call the main character a rapper is an insult to the people who actually do .
The story line of the film is laughable at best , with the acting so poor you just have to cringe .
This is supposed to be a horror film , but it 's lacking in that area and is not the least bit scary .
This must me one of the worst takes on vampires ever conceived by men .
Unfortunately , this one falls in the latter category .
As the plot of the movie does not seem to make any sense at all , here is the plot of the book .
But being a nerd just is not going to cut it .
This no name cast is better off with me not recognizing any of them for any individual effort .
Okay , maybe not the last part , but that 's basically what you 've got here .
The plot stunk , some of the voices were dubbed , the quality was horrendous .
This film has maybe the worst climax in recent times .
Instead he comes off aggressive with is not it bad to teach kids this stuff .
All in all a rather sub par effort , and it 's not likely to get much better with time .
Do not waste your money , time , or life on this pit of evil .
I found this film embarrassing to watch .
This poor handling of an intriguing premise left me bewildered .
Yeah like that could really happen .
The only way we survived this stinker was by continually making fun of its stupidity .
I actually found myself wishing she would die .
But of course , this show would not suck that bad if it were not for stereotypes .
This movie also features one of the worst closing lines to end a movie ever .
This movie is too bad for all of them .
And the dialog of the film is so pretentious , and lack the humorous fact that make then acceptable .
I do not write many reviews here , but felt this movie was so awful that it deserved comment .
Although there is a plot , a story one can follow , and a few actors that can act , there is not anything else .
Not to mention the fact that it 's very hard to tell what happens in the fights because it 's filmed so poorly .
This is such a lame movie with such a lame plot and the most contrived action sequences ever .
The ending was also just plain stupid and cheesy , exactly like the rest of it .
Horrible acting , incredibly bad lines , story , everything .
This movie is truly one of the worst pieces of garbage ever .
The movie just was not that interesting .
Sure , the plot of an evil child is not exactly original but that does not mean the film could not succeed .
We 're supposed to care about the central characters but we never learn enough about them to know why .
However , the reason for that is even a let down .
However , the reason for that is even a let down .
Really , if you really like watching good movies , do not waste you time with this one .
If that 's what it 's supposed to be , it does not really work .
It was shabbily done and a waste of my money .
I could not pay long enough attention to it since the acting was just horrible .
This film tries to be scary , original , and disturbing , but it 's just the opposite .
No ghosts , hardly any train , no mystery , no interest .
Rarely has a horror film bored me , or made me laugh , as much as this one .
I found myself hoping the talking rubber socks would win .
I rented this movie hoping that it would be good .
I can not believe how uneducated this movie is .
But this is horrible and depressing not only as an adaptation of a novel but as a film unto itself .
The challenges are pathetic and silly .
As if by asking that question they are somehow morally absolved of what is eventually going to happen .
The rest of the movie is just as bad .
I want to please you , she tells him in a desperate way while he is insulting her very badly .
The rest of the plot really is too bizarre to sum up .
It 's good for a laugh if you do not have anything better to do , but just do not spend any money on it .
I am not a big fan of horror movies , because most of them are just trash .
Well , sorry , but it fails miserably to be any of those things .
Unfortunately it starts right after the opening credits .
I really wanted to like this movie , but ended up bored and incredulous .
I guess they were hoping for a fish out of water effect , but to me it just did not work .
The production values were quite good , which only served to highlight the terrible story and screenplay .
He 's constrained by uttering too much dialog to ' move ' the plot , but none of it rises much above the silly .
Please , skip this film if you want to keep your soul .
As such , it remains one of the worst kids shows ever made .
Severely disappointing under every aspect .
It was sort of a remake but then again , not really .
Any movie where at least one annoying teenager gets killed ca not be all bad .
I actually started to feel embarrassed for the actors , and their dying careers .
Do not see this waste of film roll .
While that might make this campy and fun , it does not because everything is so lifeless the film becomes dull .
The cast members do the best they can with the lousy material .
If you like them so god damn awful they 're hysterical , watch away .
Is not this an odd way to hold the camera .
I could go on about the movie 's shortcomings , but you get the idea .
Horrible script , annoyingly hectic camera , awfully edited , gruesomely badly acted .
They were actually given money for this crap .
That is its lame excuse for showing something like that .
The storyline was the most predictable garbage you could possibly come up with .
I could 'nt sleep and there was nothing on .
There just were not enough of them .
It looks like some amateur high on paint thinner made this film .
The movie just goes on and on at this point , with no scares , horror , or anything worth watching .
Too preachy in parts and the story line was sub par .
They somewhat save a village , where the total population is being massacred by the rebels .
I can barely find the words to express how utterly utterly awful this film is .
Besides the lack of an endearing lead , the movie 's other problem is in the structure of the story .
This is awful and will bring down your thoughts on the book .
I do not know why they 're shilling for this vapid , insipid , brainless piece of fluff .
The pacing is very awkward and sluggish , the acting subpar at best , and the fight scenes staged poorly .
All in all , a terrible movie that nobody should be subjected to , much less innocent kids .
Prospective renters of this mess would do well to leave this deconstructed thriller on the video store shelf .
The plot is slashed to bits and the acting is horrible .
Do not watch this movie , not even as a joke .
The dialog is awful and frequently vulgar to excess .
Shaq should have put the time had used to make this movie toward practicing free throws .
It 's shot documentary style , but the acting and writing are just awful .
This story had some potential but the director appears to have lost site of the green .
Very thin plot , and unconvincing lines .
The producers used at least two buses in this film and they amount to nothing .
Nearly every review of this movie had been positive , the effects looked enticing , the previews convincing .
The girls spend too much time posing and trying too look prissy and it gets annoying after a while .
She acts so stupid and with all the nudity in this film , ... it 's unattractive .
This movie does not even deserve one out of ten votes , but that 's the lowest available .
Just give it to me and save all that hassle .
The acting , special effects , and script are a joke .
This film certainly did not have anything of any interest to say on this either .
It was utter tedium , if not downright boredom , from start to finish .
I 'm in the hospital ... why did you boyfriend move out ... etc .
But when the time arrives to support himself , and his pregnant wife , he becomes a stunt man .
There are so many unfunny jokes and horrible comic situations .
They did the best they could with a predictable plot and a script that borders on stereotypical .
And to make matters worse , this is not a film with not enough budget .
As for the mood throughout , it was extremely dull .
I could barely stay awake through it .
Avoid this stinker like the plague .
It does not seem to possess the slightest meaning , even on a completely mindless level .
Bad acting , bad screenplay , bad everything .
The movie was not faithful to the book but neither is this one .
I wonder which audience group this movie is basically targeted to .
The screenplay is dull , probably he was drunk when he was writing this film .
If he is not giving her clothing advice , he 's telling her what she should eat .
The main interest of this film is the landscapes .
The main interest of this film is the landscapes .
It 's creepy at times , but it has one of the worst scripts ever written for a horror film .
The first thing that went through my mind was just how lame these ninjas are if a gymnast can kick their ass .
They should have left it on the shelf and collect dust .
Or maybe it was a director or a writer that needed a credit .
His acting seems to flow between no feelings or empathy whatsoever to displays of some really bad overacting .
Somehow , his direction is not enough .
He is later resurrected in that very same chemical with snow spliced into the mixture .
I happen to to be a horror movie fan , but this film was just so poor , words fail me .
Otherwise avoid this insidious disaster like the plague .
I had expected horrible dialogue , crappy monsters , and shaky cameras .
The acting by the stars was worse than what you find on a soap opera .
Just plain boring klaymen running into each other and trying to make us laugh .. not working .
I just cant believe that someone actually financed this insult to comedy .
Why the producers could not just wait to shoot something decent who knows .
The plot itself was not anything to speak of .
The corny conclusion looks like a soap opera and is terrible .
To correct myself , it 's even worse than that .
It seems as if the director was unsure whether to make a movie or a documentary .
The acting is poor and the storyline is almost incomprehensible .
Attenborough was to blame for this failure .
Fast forward to the place in the country where they will recover emotionally .
Berk can not act to save his life and neither can any of the others .
And that 's a shame since there are plenty of good actors that go to waste .
No cinematic achievements here , however that 's not even the important question .
The director seems to have totally disregarded pacing and left the viewer with a suffocatingly dull film .
She looks bored to tears , and her role is a throw away , more then anything else .
I would not recommend watching this move .
This is the kind of worthless movie that ca not let an insult slip by .
The result is a film awash with bad metaphors , stupid ideas and heavy handed storytelling .
They had such potential for this movie and they completely fall flat .
A waste of photons and valuable time .
Do not expect nothing more that just that .
He just kind of came out of nowhere to advance the plot .
Furthermore , the narrator just seemed snobby and pretentious .
And he has failed in it very badly .
This movie is eminently forgettable .
This is meticulously boring , repetitive and just tortures the audience .
The choice of the principal actresses was awful .
Okay , if you 're a stoner and have nothing better to do , then maybe .
This production has absolutely no storyline .
The cliché good daughter and the cliché bad daughter .
The character clichés are all here .
They were not industry names , but they were not exactly starving , either .
From the outset the film was disappointing .
The plot was bad and there was not a single likeable character .
The acting was mostly shallow , wooden , and unbelievable , timing was off all around .
There 's no point in it either then blood and violence .
Too bad we could not have had another twenty minutes of that .
The actors are good but their roles are boring and a little confusing .
Definitely the worst film of the year .
Worse still , you ca not even fast forward to the sex scenes , because there are not any .
Utter waste of time . background music is so loud that you can not understand speech .
Honestly , the only value that is to be found here is that of a nostalgic nature .
The characters are shallow and trite as are the dialog and plot line .
Every class had something to do with this terrible show .
Even if it took me a full half hour to realize the intended ironic angle , it was still a very lame mess .
But even the finale disappoints if the premise was anything to go by .
Someone should let her know that just because you move your head a lot does not mean you 're acting .
Christians should boycott this film instead of promoting it .
This film is nothing but a big bag o'clichés .
I can say little else positive about this movie .
The plot is a joke , but not the haha kind .
The plot was extremely confusing and disjointed .
In the end this is a horrendous movie of boring proportions .
Every single joke falls flat and the romance makes me want to vomit .
The other reviews are right , it is awful .
Still , by any aesthetic standard , it 's an incoherent mess .
For a horror or thriller film and hype , it 's way too tame .
It looked like someone 's bad home movies .
It 's tedious and looks like a student film .
Scene by scene the tension grows alright ... from the annoying characters in this movie .
Interesting premise and one that could have been handled properly if the proper budget had been available .
Kids show or not , this is just so lame and on the verge of absurdity .
This is the worst sequel on the face of the world of movies .
Awful animation , dialogue and a tired narrative .
Just boring and well not worth the money .
There is nothing new to be seen here .
There is absolutely nothing to redeem this movie .
Nothing was happening in the movie .
I wonder if there is any sense of sense in this movie .
That scene in the plane is just stupid .
Kramer 's direction is devoid of any style .
Contrived attempt at shocking horror .
Talking about her mother , here 's another problem .
I tried watching without fast forwarding ...
Most of the plot was absolutely unrealistic , even by slasher film standards .
Dull , bland and completely lacking in imagination and heart .
As others have pointed out this movie is a load of pretentious drivel for the mindless or masochists .
But no one can deny the plot is flimsy , predictable and ultimately over the top .
The plot is completely predictable .
But that 's no excuse for putting out this utterly poopie waste of time .
Very boring prequel to the main series .
And last and least , there 's an awful song played during the credits .
They utter their pointless lines , they serve the illogical plot .
This had potential , and instead it was really a flop .
Oh sure , we see two of them get murdered , but between that are endless scenes of conversation and boredom .
Overall this movie can only be watched if by your self , to save any abuse from your friends .
The attempt at a lesbian scene was sad .
However , the soldier feels bad about what he 's done and does not want to make things worse .
The story is basically the same as before .
Varma fails to create chemistry between the characters .
I mean this is not just bad , it is laughably bad .
I have never been more embarrassed for a concept in my entire life .
I feel like an idiot for watching this , save yourself .
It 's a shame to see a number of talented performer waste their gift on something so strangely badly filmed .
The acting is no better than the horrible dialog .
Do not even get me started on the actual band at the forefront of this story , lame songs , look etc ..
The baby is really stupid looking , basically a crab with a baby head mounted on it .
Anyone with a camera would get the same result , or better .
There is no plot and the dialogue is monotonous .
The cast are all horrible stereotypes lumbered with flat dialogue .
Though technically proficient it 's dated , grating , poorly written , mean , and obvious .
The writing ranges from mediocre to horrid , however .
Oh right , humans are doomed and he is just trying to save the human race .
It 's so amateurish it 's like watching a poorly dubbed high school video yearbook .... with zombies .
Go watch some other movie instead , there are hundreds , even thousands better action movies .
There 's no actual plot or anything else really .
The lead guy in this was so bland and generic .
This mess is so bad it does not even qualify as horror .
I do not know what kind of accent he was trying use .
We could have had some good music that would have added to the tension too , if someone had made the effort .
But what can an actor do with a script like this one .
The use of newsreel during the climactic murder is laughable .
At any rate , this is a terrible movie .
It would not even appeal to a six year old .
Which explains why there 's no money left for decent effects , a decent video camera or proper actors .
The dialogue is laughable , the acting is atrocious and the only nice thing in this film is the scenery .
Put simply , the film fails on all levels .
They prove , in spades , the adage that a good cast can not save a bad script .
Half of the cast seem completely unnecessary except for conveniently being there to get murdered in some fashion .
Instead , they employ ragged editing .
Shame that the good guy is not better .
There 's a quite a bit of gore but it all looks fake and laughable .
Everything about this movie is horrible , from the acting to the editing .
If the first one was not bad enough this one is just so bad it hurts to watch .
I thought the editing was choppy and unexciting , but the acting from the entire cast is really below par .
This might be the worst film ever made , and is possibly worth seeing for that reason alone .
I am aware that the translation of book to movie is not perfect but this movie was the worst ever .
The two main characters really are pathetic , weak and incapable of making mature , healthy decisions .
As a result , there is no title to indicate that a story is complete and it is less formal in structure .
It 's implied , making it not only stupid , pointless , and contradictory , but worthless too .
I think at points the director is trying to make it an artistic piece but this just makes it worse .
Please hire convincing actors , and make a proper movie .
A bad ending , too , because nothing gets tied off .
There is not much of a plot , if any .
There 's absolutely nothing in the way of a plot that you might miss if you were otherwise preoccupied .
No one acts human , and everyone acts stupid and ridiculous .
Even viewing this strictly as a children 's movie , it 's very disappointing .
I did not think it was possible for a horror comedy film to fail so abysmally on both fronts .... really awful .
The storyline was , basically , the first script with a few extra characters and the situation turned around .
The script was absolutely horrendous .
The rest of it is unbearable dreck .
The more predictable ending would have been preferable to one that is so bad .
There 's no atmosphere , and this is the worst thing about this flick .
Unfortunately , even the female nudity is less than you 'd expect .
No it is not remotely interesting beyond the women .
Nothing on screen connected relevance back to whatever the characters were talking about .
The production values are alright if nothing spectacular .
A complete waste of my time and yours .
This has to be one of the absolute worst movies ever made , and that 's saying something .
All in all , the movie was a bore , and could have used a better plot .
If you 're looking to be either offended or amused or both , you will probably have to look elsewhere .
No respectable young woman would have acted in such an atrocious fashion .
This movie was anti bush , anti middle east , anti big oil propaganda but that is not why it was bad .
Sands 's questionable performance could not begin to save this already sunken barge of a movie .
Prom night is so flat and uninteresting its hard to watch , but for all the wrong reasons .
So in that regard , the film fails .
Do not watch this people unless you 're hard up .
The characters were weak , the plot weaker .
That will teach you not to make something so awful next time . '
Honestly people do not see this , even toddler would find this movie an insult to their intelligence .
All in all it sucked more than any other movie has sucked .
The acting was terrible all around .
The main character should not of even been the main character .
But the rest is almost completely forgettable , including the goofy looking aliens .
Thsi film is not just poor its dire .
To add to that , the script and the animation is peppered with annoying sloppiness .
To add to that , the script and the animation is peppered with annoying sloppiness .
There are few sexy looks , but that 's not enough .
The movie begins terribly and quickly becomes unwatchable .
The film buff part of me hated the acting , script , story , direction and almost all of the editing .
Dhol is a mixture of bad , unfunny toilet jokes , somewhat of drama , poor suspense and idiocracy .
That way the laughter would show just how ' unfunny ' the show is .
At least it would be one way to get rid of all the bad acting in this movie that really hams up the movie .
This one is so rotten to sit through its painful .
They completely made the plot into a joke and turned the thing into one long soap opera .
Everything just sits there and never meshes into a coherent plot or even an artsy mood piece .
I could have written a better script .
The film makers have a lot to answer for here , because this is a mess .
And as a result lost all its credibility .
Words ca not express how completely awful this movie is .
A complete lack of emotional interest in the characters and an absence of suspense make this one to avoid .
My the nut has fallen far from the tree .
Firode fails by giving us , the audience , too many characters .
It is just an example of how bad many sequels are .
The characters are vague representations of the most boring people any of us know .
One or two losses would have been acceptable .
Worse than the rating it has been given .
The end result is very staged and unrealistic .
This waste of time is a completely unnecessary remake of a great film .
If you have not read the book , skip the movie and read it .
This movie is one of the most awful movies ever made .
It was boring , rambling and pretentious .
Far too many stupid dramatic scenes are written into the script .
That wears thin after so many parodies .
Some of its moments looked literally horrible , and that as you see is the point .
Baldwin has really stooped low to make such movies .
I love cheesy horror movies and i 've seen hundreds .. but this had got to be on of the worst ever made .
Although the movie started promisingly , it got worse and worse .
Which is not a bad thing if you can captivate the audience during leading up to that moment .
There is no twist , no surprise , no good dialogs , even no development .
I did not mean to sound homophobic , but honestly , that scene was so ridiculous .
Yet these idiots are making hundreds of thousands of dollars for writing and directing this trash .
Everybody in the movie looks bored .
This move is slow , plodding , cold , dark , and without a plot or hope .
He 's portrayed as nothing but an idiot .
The climax is rather silly and the ending very weak .
One of the worst things is the animation .
Further , they do an acceptable job with the very weak script .
It seemed they tried to make to much out of this movie .
My advice , please do not waste your time henceforth reading such reviews .
The music was awful , specially anything atmospheric or scene setting .
The movie is coherent but overlong by about a half hour .
Sad to say this sequel was a total flop .
And the bigfoot itself was terrible .
A moral relativist in the movie claims that there 's really no such thing as good or bad .
That 's the very original thesis of this feeble attempt at making an ' insightful ' film about film .
I would not recommend to anyone that they waste the time it takes to watch it .
I am amazed by the big names who agreed to star in this film .
They did not even have to shoot him .
At best it was mildly amusing and at worst coma inducing .
One might argue they were trying to tone it down or make it realistic , but it ends up just boring .
Even if he was covered in manure that man would be as appealing as anyone .
But it 's a shame he was not in the film for long ..
This movie was a great disappointment considering the ample talent involved .
Not a good performance , not a horrible one ... she 's just cute .
This is one of the worst human creations of this millennium .
His best was just fodder for bored teenagers .
The rest is quite boring , simply put .
Any number of struggling artists would have jumped on the opportunity to contribute to this flick .
Save your money on this one , folks .
As far as gore is concerned , a few heads are ripped off , and the blood spurts profusely .
Nothing can ever be this scary again .
Medically , blood type match is required to be an organ donor .
I had no idea that this was a movie .
This movie is lame and not funny at all .
There is liberal use of stock footage in other places , none of it even remotely convincing .
The writing was in fact embarrassingly bad .
I do not think anyone in the theatre understood just how bad the movie was going to be at that point .
I ca not even begin to express how much this movie sucked .
The writing and acting were both horrible .
It 's not terrible enough to get the lowest rating or even second lowest .
I 'm a bright guy , but this was just too much for a tired brain .
It 's absolutely terrible in every possible way imaginable .
The dialogue in movies like this is always pretty awful , but this one takes the gold medal for stupidity .
The script never does make clear why the black support troops are used as combat soldiers .
I am appalled at how bad this film is .
But sadly , even his presence ca not save the movie .
I ca not tell you how to waste your money .
Neither is there character development .
I am sorry to hear about the problem with the credits .
Do not waste your time or you will be wishing you listened to this unbiased review .
Do not get me wrong , there 's nothing wrong with the acting .
This movie is really irritating , too .
I do not mind imagery that does not mean anything , but these scenes just seemed irrelevant .
I could go on for an eternity on the bad aspects of this movie , but you get the idea .
Basically the entire movie is purely a bunch of guys torturing a young girl .
Not only is there no plot to this movie .
The photography was not bad , but the lightening was awful .
I 'm honestly not sure what the intentions were of the filmmakers on this one .
Instead , they just stand still looking at screens in near darkness for most of the time .
I can only assume the cast and director were blackmailed into making this dreary , unimaginative , stagy piffle .
So it was not at least a total loss watching this movie .
A movie that relies on one joke had better have somewhere to go with it .
The creatures were not bad , but they really were not good either .
The potential loss is that whatever cumulative point the original work had is obscured or destroyed .
But the picture did not take me to a different mental plain of existence .
Unfortunately , that 's not what you 'd be getting .
This move is about as bad as they come .
Rotten acting and abysmal direction are thrown into the mix .
Words fail to describe just how absolutely appalling this movie really is .
By this point you will either be completely sucked in or you will have turned the damned thing off .
The acting was horrid and storyline unrealistic .
Other than the aliens , the acting is terrible .
Beyond the mood , there 's not much anything else here .
The twist ending silly and predictable .
Other than the interesting sex scenes , you will be bored dry watching this film .
This material is dealt with as if it were an afterthought .
Sadly he is more pantomime villain than anything else .
For the love of god , avoid this train wreck .
Oh , this film is already hurting me , just do not see it , it 's bad .
Watch how blood runs freely , but it 's not entirely convincing and can get dull .
I think this movie should receive the worst possible rating it could get .
Bad video , bad audio , bad acting , bad plot ... etc etc .
This is a poor film by any standard .
How are we to supposed to care about these people .
It was just a compilation of recycled material .
They speak the lines with a bored , smug air like narcissistic adolescents .
I found this on the shelf while housesitting and bored .
The blood looks really fake in this movie .
There was no subtlety to anything the movie did , no intelligence evident at all behind the scenes .
It 's just too embarrassing to watch .
Clearly a waste of the time of a talented cast and director .
Anybody could grab a camera and make a talkative picture that does not manage to say anything really , at all .
He is a stupid villain that would never get anywhere in life .
If you are a parent , please avoid this like the plague .
There 's no real ideas in it ... nothing to consider except being the mother of the devil .
Now for the bad , which unfortunately is everything else .
They spent too much energy working in the nudity that they forgot to actually write a story .
Then the movie gets more boring and boring until the man finally goes crazy .
In short this movie was a total waste of time and space .
They play the part of cardboard cut outs being moved about in predictable and uninteresting ways .
Most of the movie all one could here is the crappy kicking effects , with muddled talking in the background .
The idea was ridiculous and the things that the boys had to do in that film were even more ridiculous .
I do not know if the positive reviews for this flick were a joke or what .
Boring , disturbing , and visually unappealing , the movie totally cannibalized the book .
It 's talky , illogical , slow , and ultimately very boring .
I usually like zombie movies , but this one was just plain bad .
Altogether , this is not an entirely weak entry into the series .
Sometimes you wonder how some people get funding to create a movie as bad as this one .
Basically , this movie is an insult to the real french actors participating in this farcical piece of junk .
There is no artistic value in this movie to deserve any award .
You have to wonder what these people were thinking when they spent money to produce this movie .
Unfortunately he did not take enough .
This movie was just terrible and the ending made me actually laugh out loud .
The script was also poor .... they had lines that tried to be unique but failed .
Worst part by far was when then randomly flash back to this fat foreign girl getting naked for a a photograph .
The movie seems to be somebody 's joke .
The hero , woman , and kids are trying to make their way to the only escape route .
But honestly the girl is extremely ugly and everything is incredibly fake , with the exception of the eye .
The creatures themselves look rather bland and poorly detailed , as they 're basic dolls being chucked about .
The characters are all forgettable one dimensional cutouts , and the many attempts at humor fall flat .
Please do not waste your time watching this movie , you will regret it .
The premise of this flick is pretty lame .
Because , there 's nothing else there to show .
I found it boring , with music that distracted from the film .
One of the main characters does something really stupid that 's hard to believe .
Bigelow goes through all the motions one by one .
Combine the bad writing and bad acting this movie just totally fail .
Then there is the bad acting and insipid dialogue .
First of all , the casting for the movie was terrible .
It was stiff , boring , almost lacked any imagination or mood .
There are no words for how ridiculous and utterly terrible this film truly is .
His portrayal of a young journalist was poorly acted and unpersuasive .
Oh , yes , there are cannibals in this jungle .
There is no character development , no back story , no character arcs , nothing .
This movie was a confusing piece of garbage .
A good plot idea is handled very badly .
A good plot idea is handled very badly .
The audio in the movie was pretty poorly recorded , and poorly edited .
Who ever did the screen write ruined the storyline .
There is simply no excuse for that .
They were interesting for about five minutes , afterwards becoming boring and lasting entirely too long .
True , there are many movies much worse then this movie .
If you decide to waste your time watching this , try and find any man getting broken or burned .
The acting is pretty lame , the story unbelievable , etc .
And , if he was not , then the film does a poor disservice to his memory .
But the problem is that it got worse as none of the other characters were properly introduced .
This all leads to an extraordinarily boring movie .
There are so many ridiculous moments here that i lost count of it really early .
The script is very poor as well as all the acting and for our entertainment it features a pointless plot .
Someone please tell me this was a joke .
Art direction could have been much better , as could have been cinematography .
The producers should have seen this in the screenplay and insisted upon a major rewrite .
On top of that , it pretends to be an art film by using the worst naive clichés of the cinematic snobbery .
There 's nothing wrong with exploitation films but this one just goes over the brink .
This was a pitiful excuse for a movie .
Poor assistant guy and his crummy useless hand .
I think it would make things even worse .
Furthermore the acting is uniformly horrible , the characters thoroughly unlikable , and the plot inane .
Otherwise , you 're better off just passing on this movie .
Unfortunately , that is not saying much .
I was left wondering if he was trying to convince himself more than anyone else .
The writing sucked , the dialog sucked .
This monstrosity stars nobody and is painfully dull to sit through .
But not the bad kind of bad movies .
I was sure hoping for something different , but , alas , did not find it here .
As a defence , it fails to hold water .
Please people do not make the same mistake i did thinking that this movie has potential ... it does not .
Not to mention , that for a long time it was just depressing about the same thing over and over again .
Neither is there any ambiguity about whether of not she actually turns into a snake .
Pie movie has been shoved down our throats and this one is the worst one of them all .
The writing is bad because the plot is perfectly trite and the dialogue is wooden and implausible .
Terrible writing , characters are less than believable .
This movie should not be viewed unless you are trying to kill yourself .
Do not buy into this gimmick and avoid this film .
How anyone could watch this film and be anything other than bored with it is completely beyond me .
By far the worst adaptation of one of my favourite novels .
Oh , and might as well go for a screenwriter who knows how to write .
The store was not at all interesting or engaging .
One night a child wanders up to his door as her mother lies dying in the snow outside .
And , finally , the script is just bad .
They could have lots of cameos by actors who appeared in them .
Here he has some kind of security fetish that does not really mean anything by the end .
The movie was very boring too and very overrated .
If you like being chased by trees you can probably enjoy it , otherwise just stay at home and sleep .
Oliver stone does his worst directing ever .
The killer monster thing is really really bad , basically it s a guy in some kind of green body suit .
Ultimately , the answer lies in the poor , humourless script .
This opening narration means nothing at all and is just downright bizarre .
Overall , this movie was a waste of time .
Some of them might look cheaper , or have worse acting , or sillier production value .
I bought this movie hoping to laugh at how incredibly stupid it was .
No major effort on the part of the viewer required .
However this was way beyond annoying .
I never finished this movie for a reason , it was dreadful and that s just the acting .
It 's just a very inadequate insult .
Alas , that 's not what happens in this misguided attempt at comedy .
The plot sucked , the acting was bad , the editing was inept and this movie makes me want to poke my eyes out .
But , my dear viewer , something horrible has happened .
I never realised before of how tedious and bland this cartoon show really was .
The complete waste of special effects money for bullet time effects .
Do not waste your money , your time , or your good judgement .
My guess is they are stooges of the movie maker .
The script is very lame and it is full of gaps .
No , it s not rubbish , rubbish can be recycled into something useful .
On top of that , this just looks like a bad movie .
The idea that this movie being a comic film is flimsy and superficial because of that fact is incorrect .
The producers have a lot of money for sure , but they spend nothing on the special effects .
Decent story , good actors , absolutely horrible execution .
Bad acting , bad cinematography , bad sound , totally unbelievable fight sequences , stupid characters .
The jokes do not come across , the acting is flat , it 's shot like a soap , it lacks any direction .
Such great actors such a disappointment .
The other cop just about struggles to get his terrible lines out .
Overall the movie lacks fun and becomes more boring minute after minute .
The result , second half is dry , flat with no energy .
The first two sequel were acceptable and from then on we have seen a buch of really , really terrible movies .
I do not care if you 're just curious .
This infusion , like the whole plot , is done poorly and lacks sparks for comedy or audience involvement .
Firstly the fight scenes are nothing new .
The opening is filmed poorly , and like the rest of the movie , it 's certainly not scary .
There were some moments that were a bit creepy but then the mood was ruined by stupid music .
Each of the actors can act , but this film was lame .
To add insult to injury , the whole thing is cut by someone devoid of any sense of timing .
If you have nothing else to do , and want to watch a film with your kids , this is not a bad choice .
This is an appallingly bad piece of film , together with a ridiculous ending .
Not to mention that the acting , writing , and story are all just hackneyed .
There was a very big sag in the middle of the movie that was exceptionally boring .
Perhaps the way this film is set up that 's the way it 's supposed to feel , but it was unwatchable .
It 's the real life manifestation of the worst case scenario of film making .
Bizarre and disturbing movie , but the two get there just reward in the same bizarre way as the movie ends .
The girls can not act , and they can not sing either .
I feel much less generous with this film than others of its ilk .
Nothing here is honestly very memorable .
Unfortunately , this screenplay translation was a miss .
After that , all of her acting went downhill .
Chematodes , a nonsense word used to refer to a bunch of wires attached to a victim 's head .
Not only are they terrible musicians but they 're terrible actors .
The characters are extremely annoying and heavily stereotyped .
Do not waste your time on this movie or you will regret it .
I agree with the previous comment , what a disappointment .
Do not waste even one minute of your time on this lemon .
It was not really very good , it was not really very bad , it was just mediocre .
Nothing really happens in this movie .
It has the same sort of idea of people get what they deserve .
In short , anyone even remotely connected to this film should be ashamed of themselves .
The actors did all they could with the material .
But not as annoying as the two girls who are watching the movie within a movie .
I could not make sense of this film much of the time , and neither could anyone else , based on other reviews .
I 'm sorry for the wasted effort of the main actors , whose talent is out of question .
They 've all experienced the tunnel , but not the black figures or the repeated near escapes from death .
Well this movie is amazingly awful .
The director firstly presents the material in an extremely arrogant way and worse , extremely incoherently .
Unbelievable and it 's an insult to any thinking person .
The acting is bad , but some of the lines are amusing in their awfulness .
This show disgusts me , and it 's not just the dated artwork or terrible dialogue .
The acting here is uniformly awful , but that would not matter much if the core idea of the movie were good .
It is simultaneously bland and offensive , with nudity and lots and lots of violence .
They are not allowed phone calls and nobody knows they 're there .
I have a teenager and she thinks the previews are ridiculous and would rather watch the original .
At this point , the action supposedly starts .
There is basically no film quality difference whatsoever .
Putting that aside , the second worst thing is the special effects .
Sorry for being so harsh , but really this movie is a precious waste of time and money .
The plot is so silly nobody can believe it .
Not to mention huge amount of archive footage used in film , that is kinda annoying .
Despite the poor werewolf costume , there is a fair amount of blood and gore , and those are fairly well done .
The sets are ugly and the cinematography is very poor .
That notwithstanding , the movie does fail completely , but it fails entirely on film terms .
If a stereotype took a crap , this movie would spawn from that .
And , the over all movie was just stupid .
Let 's face it , either the guy ca not play anything but a nerd or he is never offered any other parts .
It 's getting worse , the series is on a serious down fall .
However , it soon becomes apparent that this is a largely pointless film that is not going to go anywhere .
This is truly one of the worst films ever made .
No gore , no suspense , no violence , nothing .
That would be a far better title to this pointless exercise .
Sadly , he has to struggle with an underwritten script and some nonsensical set pieces .
Almost anything else you could possibly do would be better than spending time watching this movie .
Usually , that 's a mistake , and this is no exception .
The character animation does nothing if not make already flat characters appear even flatter .
The character animation does nothing if not make already flat characters appear even flatter .
The sniper scene was just so laughable .
I have not seen a more pathetic attempt at making someone badass in a movie .
Overall , the film is rather dull and disappointing .
But the writers let them down , giving them a flat , unspectacular script to work with .
Save yourself the pain , see something else .
I 've nothing else to say about it .
There is not one redeeming quality about this movie .
I am a big fan of the original book and this adaption is simply bad .
It was a unique movie , but a bad , boring , and pointless movie .
The ending was absolutely pathetic .
Neither style worked , no joke was funny .
It 's a shame , ... it could have been so much better .
As far as the plot is concerned , it was lacklustre , unimaginative , implausible and convoluted .
Predictable , ambitious attempt that falls short of the mark .
Alex predictably falls for the daughter while warming to the mother .
Bad movie with embarrassing lines , acting and story .
He 's well over six foot , and he does not even shave off that annoying moustache .
The story is weak , the action shoddy and the special effects downright pathetic .
The characters were stiff and unlikeable .
I found the lead character to be irritating .
This is supposed to be a horror movie but there 's only filth in this .
It is dull , plodding and lacking in suspense .
The acting was below standard and story was unbearable .
During the soliloquies he acts as if he is talking to someone , when he is supposed to be talking to himself .
The characters were wooden and one dimensional .
The paintings in the background of the cities looked awful .
Or a feeble attempt is made to satirize them .
Then you cut the ribbon , rip off the paper , open up the box , and find ... nothing .
Please do yourselves a favor and avoid this incompetent concoction .
While both the writing and direction are amateurish , that alone does not make a film bad .
Not disgusting , not even that shocking .
Every insult aimed at a person in the script was either homophobic or racist or both .
That 's not to say it was a total loss .
Except for a few chuckles and one or two scenes of gore , this movie is a complete waste of time .
The acting was above average for a low budget stinker but the direction was horrible .
Normally , i 'd fast forward to the good bits , only there were not any here .
It failed miserably at all of them , but there was enough interest to keep me from turning it off until the end .
Do not watch the movie under any circumstances or if you do ... beware of the disappointment you will receive .
Not the very worst thing you will see , but a truly bad movie .
Not only was the script atrocious , but the casting people should be shot .
Presumably in an effort to save money several long scenes were shot using really really bad back projection .
He was a lousy actor and lazy with it .
That 's bad enough but they do not even try to make anything that closely resembles a movie here .
If you want an example of major league bad film this is one to see , otherwise skip it .
Nothing in my opinion saves this movie from being a total disaster .
It just does not work at any level and is just a giant bore .
The camera work , scripting , acting and sound are unbelievably crass .
It did have a bad start and got better , but the ending just brings the film back down to a horrible level .
The gore effects are even unconvincing .
The acting is fair , but the plot is totally ridiculous .
This script follows every predictable cliché you can think of .
Unfortunately they had forgotten how to act .
A pitiful screenplay and lack of any story just left me watching three losers drool over bikini babes .
The ending is hugely disappointing .
The picture tries to be artistic but fails to pay attentions to the fundamentals of story telling .
The result is a script that is brainless and repetitive .
Okay , it 's going to be alright ...
This thing is a big ball of nothing .
This movie was nothing more than an insult to the intelligence and mysticism of the book .
No reason at all to buy , rent or watch this film except as an example of how not to make a low budget video .
Then as the middle came in i understood the boring stuff that was going on .
The cussing was annoying and the whole flashy , camera shaking thing gave me a headache .
The character designs are even worse .
This movie is shot on a home video camera , with grade school props and terrible actors .
Money that should have been spend on actors , camera and editing .
At long last , the film comes to a completely random and pointless end that 's supposed to really make you think .
I would not even call it strange , more like just total nonsense .
This movie has no plot , the whole premise is stupid , and it 's more by the numbers stuff .
However , this film just turned me off as far as its production and direction .
I ca not believe it could have been worse than this .
I have no idea how anyone managed to stay awake during this show .
The characters basically make no sense most of the time .
The problem is not with direction , acting or anything technical .
The story is a poor excuse for a sitcom , much less a pilot .
The storyline is just unbelievable .
It was at best , stupid , and at worst ... well ... really stupid .
This movie is just kinda dull , and not that funny either .
It probably would have been a lot more impressive if they did not have such a terrible script to work from .
Be warned , this thing is horrible .
But that 's just about the whole premise .
The character of the daughter was particularly incoherent .
Such a shame that people waste their imagination on such inhumane suffering ..
Badly acted and written slasher flick with zero suspense and annoying characters .
Nobody seems worked up by this event , as if it really does not mean much to them at all .
The writing was bad , acting was bad , special effects were bad .
Certain aspects of the plot were ridiculous and totally unbelievable .
Instead you get bad acting , bad cinematography , bad filmmaking .
Regardless of the overstayed visit , the movie was below mediocre .
Barely anyone thinks twice of this dear friend 's disappearance , so they continue on their merry way .
The acting is poor , and all people are unbelievable stereo types .
I guess you 're supposed to assume that it 's so scary that even the camera guy freaks out .
Despite a happily ever after ending , the major portion of this film is one awful disaster following another .
Those fake scientists waste their time .
Another example of the how this adaptation fails is by embellishing the story line making it more dramatic .
As for the movie as a movie itself , it 's pretty slow and pretty poorly acted .
What a great actor to have in such an awful story ...
Everyone looks good in the movie , and there 's plenty of nudity , but the acting is just awful .
I am sorry to say that this film is indeed bad .
There is an embarrassing lack of plot , suspense , back story , character development , continuity , etc .
There 's a dog for no reason and thin , orange blood that turns the stomach .
Uninspriring and unenjoyable , possibly only the competant direction saves it from being the worst in the series .
Roy was a weak hero with no knowledge of how to use a sword , and the way he won was a disgrace .
Anybody who pretends that they can see some hidden masterpiece inside this awful mess is just kidding themselves .
The worst thing about it all , it had a big cliff hanger at the end .
Audience is not paying to watch such stupidity .
It s not just the poor acting and script nor is it the lame and perverse time one wastes on watching it .
It s not just the poor acting and script nor is it the lame and perverse time one wastes on watching it .
Chuck , stay as the main character in your movies , because this does not work for you ...
Even then the synopsis has painted a picture of a rather sane storyline , but the actual film is anything but .
They used a bunch of nobody actors , and a story that did not even make sense .
Continually making bad decisions just borders on being plain stupid .
Defined in a predictable fashion , the screenplay bore you to stiff .
That 's because the very worst part of the movie is the sound effects .
This is the biggest piece of crap ever .
So we were left with weak mix of the three .
Do yourself a favor and skip this dribble .
My god this movie is awfully boring .
It was really lame to have that much drug use in one movie .
This may not be the worst comedy of all time , but it 's close .
I believe they failed on all three fronts .
The jokes were flat to mildly amusing .
No wonder , the casting is done not with the left hand , but rather not at all .
If you have any sense of history , try to avoid this movie .
To me this just comes off as a soap opera .
Not to mention how many of the same boring shots of the map there are .
For a start the direction is appalling .
But this movie is virtually unwatchable .
The stories are repetitive , the plot is boring but the animation is good .
The script is deadly dull and there is no gore nor nudity .
There was nothing much to do for him in the movie .
Very predictable , not interesting at all .
The girl was cute but was annoying .
This show is not funny , it is not clever , it is not original , it 's just a steaming pile of bull crap .
This film seemed what a pretentious film student would come up with .
I can write better crap than this in my sleep .
The direction is lackluster and the dialog is just plain dim .
Definitely the worst for this year .
This idiotic move at trying to force them to pay him backfires as he is horribly and endlessly abused .
I would not say there 's anything scary here .
Painful to watch , and not entirely for empathy with the struggles of the characters .
Instead of character development , we get bloated , boring , gory battle scenes .
And one gets hit by a bullet and the blood that comes out of it was just awful animation .
But the main thing i hated in this movie was the girl .
This is a strictly fans only movie , do not stare at our shame .
Unfortunately , the execution lets it down .
Then they writer or director goes out his way for a bad ending .
His voice was annoying , abrasive and unnatural , and his character was obnoxious and overbearing as a young guy .
The tomatoes are not the same , jokes are lame , even the actors are not as funny .
An evil , evil , terrible bad man , whose only interest in this world is money ...
The camera would randomly zoom in on actors and skip to random scenes .
As portrayed , the characters have no redeeming values and watching them interact is sheer torture .
Camera movements can not make wooden acting lively .
He is a really bad actor and should not be allowed to make a movie ever again .
This is a very good example of a bad and pointless sequel .
Unfortunately , there is no reality to this film .
Really this movie is funny in how serious it tries to be while coming off ridiculous .
I swear they did not even write a script they just kinda winged it through out the whole movie .
A bunch of other stuff happens , but it 's too trite and inane to go into now .
Instead , his jokes are as unfunny as they could become .
This movie just has nothing going for it .
Do not let the positive reviews fool you as this really is a terrible movie and you really should not watch it .
Which is not really that far as his main victims only seem to go to the hospital .
But there is not enough laughs to save this movie .
I just found it a bit pretentious and , at times , boring .
There was no conceivable reason to produce this wretched remake except to fill time in a broadcast schedule .
Jill is supposed to be this mystery , but apparently she was just a mystery to the writer .
The original film was over two hours long , while this remake is only just a shade over eighty minutes .
The cinematography was awful with not one moment of suspense or mystique .
This appears to be such an example .
Did not care for the movie , the book was better .
No wonder it was the keep up with this story .
The rest of the acting is hard to judge because the movie is so ridiculous and predictable .
Regarding the other characters , they were well acted , morally bankrupt and annoying characters .
But none of this brings the slightest recommendation from me .
The whole movie was a complete waste of time in my opinion .
These scenes are typically unrealistic and painfully predictable .
An amerterish script badly directed and shoddily edited into a ramshackle mess .
He was portrayed as being wild , ignorant and amazingly shallow .
Plus the stupid plot that only makes it worse .
There 's really not much need to begin this little review with a plot synopsis .
Take my advice , stay away from this piece of crap .
It 's maybe the worst comedy spoof ever made .
There is no introduction , no development of any of the characters .
But this is utter crap and then some .
Timberlake is simply a bad actor and he would be equally terrible in any role .
But this film though was just plain slow .
The sad part is that there is some talented actors thrown into bad roles with worse dialogue .
By every means possible , if you have little self respect please do not waste your time seeing this movie .
Worse than that , it does not even compare with it .
This movie is a good reminder that times really change , and what was important quickly becomes just plain silly .
This quickly wanes and becomes about as interesting as watching the paint dry on a paint by numbers scene .
All in all , the plot line of this film dragged anything that might have been good down .
Hack direction , poor writing and several unfunny attempts at lowball humor .
In the process of trying too hard , they over acted and made a horrible movie .
It 's hard to keep track of who characters are , or what time period the scenes are supposed to be taking place .
As well directed as can be expected , but basically incoherent .
The acting was worse than me reading straight from a script .
The editing is the worst ever , the sound effects were awful and the sound editing was whacked .
This is , in this viewer 's opinion , an awful movie .
But it 's not all bad news , as there are some good ideas here .
He just came off as an asshole in a poorly edited , contrived juvenile smear campaign .
In totality , you have a sorry cross between the bizarre and the laughable .
The script jumps from place to place without giving much explanation .
A real bad , stupid incoherent horror film .
Unfortunately , that 's about the only good thing that can be said for it .
Instead the director of this movie chose to use that site to have the killer attempt to commit suicide .
They could not tell a good joke to save their lives .
Instead of sticking to its main topic the film veers in other directions leading to its downfall .
The direction is very slow and tedious and when there is a joke it is given away so the joke dies i.e .
They 're terrible when you see them .
There was nothing built , just preparing .
This movie is totally ridiculous , the plot is disgusting and completely without logic .
Sam should have given his idea to a good writer , director , and left the acting to somebody who could act .
All these new comedies are just horrible .
I had a really hard time making it through this move .
One to avoid and maybe even boycott .
Between the horribly cheap costume and the geeky look of the guy in it the end result was hysterical .
It has all the goods to make a really bad movie even worse .
However , the authors managed to create a stupid , disgusting film .
The acting in the new stuff is lousy , read off a sheet with either no feeling or overacting .
There was no resolution , no cliff hanger , no obvious end ... it just ends .
The script is full of plot holes , cheesy dialogue and lame attempts at comedy .
This film is badly written , badly edited , and badly directed .
But unfortunately they ca nt save this film .
Much of the film was predictable ...
This movie is tedious , unconvincingly acted , and generally boring .
I was expecting a horrible , crappy acting , bad entertainment , ridiculous special effects movie .
I do not know what the point of the story was supposed to be .
This movie lacks the star power that the original movie had in such abundance .
Elvis has left the building and he 's lucky because he did not have to watch this unfunny stinker .
All other things are really annoying .
That is enough to lose credibility for anyone who has the slightest knowledge of the area or the country .
I ca not think of a more useless waste of money than this man shelling out for this pointless production .
Let it be said right now that almost all content in this dull movie is completely hackneyed and trite .
Save the two hours and do something to make the time more worthwhile .
First of all it 's a bad movie script .
In fact , the whole film is just a talk fest , with much of the talk making no sense .
And do not even get me started on that terrible ' twist ' ending .
Nominated for the oscar worst script ever in my opinion .
The greatest disappointment , is to sit through the whole movie , and the get the quick , rather bland ending .
This film was the biggest flop for the actor .
There 's a lot of material in this film which almost offended me or made me giggle .
Hell which was more obviously meant to be amusing , but on the whole this is a forgettable dud .
It did not feel interesting , and was quite ... boring .
Some gory but silly deaths help , but the film is strictly amateur night and boring beyond belief .
I would feel ashamed to have this on a resume .
It 's trying to be scary by just having freaky camera work and loud sounds , but it fails miserably .
I watched only about first ten minutes and started fast forwarding to look for sex scenes .
Many of the action scenes were just pointless .
In fact , the whole script and direction lacked any quality at all .
Burdened by an annoying and repetitious
It is a dry , boring , drawn out , and uninspired as they come .
Unfortunately , it falls flat on all levels .
But if you 're looking for intelligence , look elsewhere .
So it 's no wonder that it did not make much sense .
The second one sucked because the dialog was terrible .
Doubt feels incomplete , which is why it gets an incompetent grade .
It is really nothing short of pathetic .
Just because they 're all from the south does not mean that they have to be naive and idiotic .
To portray him in such vague terms is just plain silly .
Even if the film starts of promising .
This movie was horrible , simply put .
The movie has a not original premise but even though could be much better .
He acts so wooden , that at any given moment he should crack .
Just a blonde chick who hardly has any lines in the film .
And that 's what makes this so awful .
Worse , the characterization in the premiere episode is poor .
There 's nothing wrong with their singing , its just everything else in this turkey that s overcooked .
Please , even if you are in the worst of the moods , refrain from watching this flick .
They 're basically the same movie and they 're both cheesy as hell .
The plot is truly the worst ever written .
Poor directing , over the top acting and a plot that rambles on with no point other than to show violence .
It was the same lousy movie , just a year older .
Unfortunately , as the film turned out , she does not have the character from the book to play .
Who would have been embarrassed to have used .
Unfortunately the only spoiler in this review is that there 's nothing to spoil about that movie .
Unfortunately , there is too much about the doggone drapes and thus , the movie slows down .
But there is absolutely nothing funny here .
This is the reason i gave it such a poor rating .
I wanted the criminals to die horrible , painful deaths .
I can understand suspension of disbelief , but this is just complete stupidity .
Beware and be safe avoid at all costs .
It 's bland , uninteresting and unexciting .
I mean it s not just bad , it s barely coherent .
The lunatic professor is just plain annoying .
This is one of the worst movies i have seen in a long time and would like my time back please .
Most of all the plotting seemed very horrid to even call this piece of crap a movie .
Supposed to be a kiddies movie , but even they will not be amused by this terrible film
In the book he was fending off a jerk union official while struggling with a business that was failing .
If they pass out , then they wo not realize that they are luckily missing stupidity and absurdity .
A bunch of nothing happens for a long time .
I honestly do not see the point of the whole movie .
It 's too lame even to use clear a room .
Unfortunately this is one of the film 's problems .
From the cinematography , to the script , to the acting , this movie is a complete flop .
It tries to be gruesome in places but is just laughable .
Avoid this like so many plagues , unless you want to see how truly bad a comedy can get .
The movie fails on nearly every level .
Very sick and mean spirited film and has absolutely nothing valuable or cinematically significant .
The producers of the film either did no research or were unbelievably lazy when filming it .
The gruesome moments were not too poorly done , but could have been done better even with a shoestring budget .
That was so lame it goes beyond pathetic .
This film is actually trying to make a point , by saying that nuclear waste plants are bad .
But the script writers disappointed me extremely .
Missolonghi was not the bored snob suddenly looking for some action .
West is a director who clearly lacks inspiration of his own and chooses to steal from those whom he looks up to .
This little piece of trash is so bad it 's embarrassing to watch .
The movie is a complete disappointment in all areas .
The plot was thin , the movie filled with obvious clichés , and certain parts of it just did not make any sense .
She 's just terrible in every sense of the word .
But it 's a respectable failure , not a bad joke .
But as hard as it tried it just bored me to death .
However , the execution is dreadful .
This movie is a bad attempt to make original fans feel complete .
Without any more painful details of the plot , here were some horrible highlights of the movie .
I stayed hoping that it will better .... what a mistake .
If this is supposed to be the black experience , let me out at either the front or back door .
It is a film that should stick to the stage because the director is too stupid to shoot anything right .
I really wonder how she feels about her career as an actress
A good premise with some moments .. but mostly flat and uninteresting .
Unfortunately they forgot to add suspense and scares .
One thing to note is the terrible voice acting .
It does not even succeed at being offensive .
I wonder how the actors acted in this movie .
Someone said the boys were cute in this film but it just seemed to be filled with mediocre people .
Best to avoid this film , and spend your time watching almost anything else .
His films are usually full of weak women but he tries to hide them in controversial roles .
The money required to do this film could have been put to much more better use .
I did not honestly care what happened to any of them .
None of the original actors or characters return , it has a dumb plot , stupid characters and a boring climax .
It was terrible and stupidly predictable .
The city is an obvious model but not a bad one .
Next worst is everything about the plot , which is loaded with soap opera scenes .
The whole thing was just laughable from start to finish .
And what little plot there is , is just plain stupid .
A tragically boring and dreary film .
I 'd swear that the two women on the cover are not even in the film .
My daughter fell asleep half way through .
Another reason why this final installment is so awful is the completely illogical structure .
The actors all play extremely silly caricatures .
The humor is painfully unfunny , the action merely sad .
Their poor performances merely contribute to the disaster .
But honestly the movie is a ridiculous watch with a plot which glorifies a loser .
The students are all bored , as are we .
The problem is they have never had the money to succeed in making convincing special effects .
Another called it the worst movie ever .
No , it has nothing to do with a twist in the plot .
This is a movie that tries to be a romantic comedy and fails .
The original virtual reality girls get killed , which means nothing , as they are not even real to begin with .
It filled me with dismay that i was going to waste some more time of my life on this crap .
Avoid this movie if you have any respect for your taste in movies .
Flashy effects and crisp looking cinematography ca not save this bad , bad movie .
He lives only to be free , and means no ill on anyone .
No one dies , no action , no nudity , nothing of the kind .
Basically , the plot lines went nowhere .
Still , this is a pretentious and pointless film that manages to be incredibly boring .
The main character seemed to be disturbed but the plot did not draw me in enough to care about her situation .
Most movies are not a complete waste of time , but this falls right into that category .
This movie was absolutely pathetic .
Unfortunately there was need to add some sort of show after the opening theme .
Whether this was poor lighting or a poor film transfer is unknown to me .
There 's just no connection and lasting sentiment within this flimsy material .
Honestly ... it would have been more entertaining if it were a worse movie .
The story line and plot of this movie is incredibly weak .
I ca not believe how poorly this movie was done , borrowing scenes from other , much better films .
It should be obvious by now that this movie is not just pointless , but actually physically painful to watch .
Roles like this are major disappointments and films like this are just a waste of talent and time .
Definitively not funny , but very much boring and annoying , indeed .
Here it gets a little more interesting , but not enough to save the film .
The thing with the plastic gun and with the toy car , that can go into another house are ridiculous .
They should not have even bothered making this film .
Do not even think of watching this move even if you want to kill time .
Actors performances is very poor but it is result of limited acting possibilities .
Omen looks the part he plays , but his voice and acting are unconvincing to say the least .
All the rest have fallen off the map sadly .
Only there 's no writing , or directing talent on display here .
Yeah , that 's okay , but you need some original kills too .
The ending is ridiculous and the story contains no twists , not plot surprises and just a plain bad ending .
Hawn , with no one to play off of , is terrible .
It was just a lackluster walk through , that no one seemed to be able to get into .
I guess it 's supposed to be scary , but it is only if you 're a film editor .
But unfortunately it fall short in its attempt .
This one was just silly and made a mockery of it .
It was just a grim , sad waste of time .
It was just a grim , sad waste of time .
The actors were actually decent , trying to make the best of a ridiculous script .
While that may be true , that 's sadly not enough to save it .
Incoherent direction , inconsistent actors , implausible plot .
Her character is extremely annoying .
Everything about the movie is just horrible .
Sadly , the timely messages are undermined by the film 's poor quality and lack of focus .
This is one of the most boring horror films
I honestly wanted to kill myself several times through this atrocious experience just to have the pain end .
It was badly written , badly acted and badly made .
Poorly produced , a complete laugh free zone .
Three is no cleverness here , no tongue in cheek , only a sad waste of time .
This movie was a great disappointment for me .
I think it 's one of the worst sitcoms out there .
Or maybe it was just this film that disappointed me .
Using the quick time format , with low low resolution is a waste of talent .
I have to say this movie made me wonder ..
The acting was mostly awful , and the special effects were far from believable .
The main character was especially annoying .
They move like wooden soldiers and speak about as well .
Too bad the director left her hanging .
The people he associates with are either just the same or positively evil in some uninteresting way .
This is , without a doubt , the single worst movie ever created .
What a disappointing piece of schlock .
They are usually filled with lame actors , stupid storyline and minimal effects .
Obviously , there was no script to speak off .
Surely it could not be as unbearable as this one .
The nudity was unnecessary and did not add anything .
This is truly a horrible , horrible film .
Its main function seems to be to hold the string of dull sex scenes together .
No redeeming features , this film is rubbish .
It may be the worst movie possible .
We get the worst looking stuff used again and again .
If someone paid me to see that movie again i would not .
The plot of this movie just seems to go absolutely nowhere .
Pointless battle sequences and lame dialogue .
It is decidedly unfunny , poorly scripted and has all the pace and energy of cold , canned rice pudding .
There 's a fair amount of nudity too if that 's your thing .
The movie is not all bad ... just mostly .
The acting sucked , the script sucked , and the movie overall sucked .
Completely and utterly the worst movie ever made .
I gave this four because of the acting , but the story is lame .
There is nothing left to think about or mill over ... except the loss of money in their wallets .
It 's not even a funny lousy movie .
So , watch it purely for nostalgia , if nothing else .
Or wasting depending on how you look at it .
Too much is clichéd , too much is recycled and too much is just simply ridiculous .
The dead are returning to life but nobody seems too concerned .
The plot is loose and the acting is mediocre .
There was not anything positive or good about this scenario .
It did manage to be interesting and imaginative in its approach to children programming .
The dialog was particularly distracting , and it seemed to get worse as the movie went on .
But that does not change the fact that it totally lacks a storyline .
If you 've got some spare time , do not waste it on this .
This imbecilic movie is nothing more than a comedy and a lousy one at that .
Do not even get me started on the script ...
Do not you even think about renting this unless you want to mock at the producers .
The rest of the main characters were not so bad either .
Great to look at but as any semblance of a horror film or thriller purely awful .
The continuity and pacing were both simply awful .
I was hoping for a mystery or a thriller but did not get involved enough to care after the first few frames .
The film is barely watchable , and the acting is dire .
For some people it will be boring cause it lacks action , feels home made sometimes ...
Two , old people and people whose idea of comedy is incredibly predictable , badly written , stale jokes .
I have no idea what they were thinking .
Unfortunately , my one reservation turned out to be downfall of the entire movie .
The last film was a mediocre effort .
Basically , this is not my cup of tea .
There is nothing to be said but avoid it , it will make you angry and sick .
The film has no redeeming feature whatsoever .
I actually was into this film for the first half or so , but toward the end it became a senseless mess .
Bad acting , bad writing , bad music .
Mind you , he 's no worse than the other actors .
The tunes are repetitive , predictable , and tedious .
The character is just plain stupid and stumbles around aimlessly .
Jones stars as a truly awful singer whose trying to find some murderers or something .
This is a trivial film and a waste of your movie going time .
Cheap , mediocre sequel to the successful
I 've got nothing else to say about this stupid movie .
The five women who play the wives do not add up to one whole actress between them .
The special effects , if you can call them that , where laughable .
The acting is poor and the story line is contrived .
The characters are unbelievable and pointless .
But this is of interest only as a period piece .
So , not horrible , but easy to skip .
Stay far away from this crappy comedy .
Sure , they 're both attractive , but whether they 're attractive to each other seemed to be an open question .
It leads us to the worst issue in the bunch , the episodic format .
Hell , why would anyone want this brat to be saved or redeemed in the first place .
Good acting , but i do not think that can save the movie ..
The only point of interest becomes any splatter effects .
I agree totally with the last commenter this could be the worst movie ever made .
But , do not try to palm off this lame attempt as a finished product .
Keaton became just one more actor for hire , performing someone else 's scripts .
He is trying to play the cold , hard kinda guy and he does that to the point that the character is just wooden .
I know a few things that are worst .
This one , however , is just unwatchable .
The acting , dialog , and flow of the movie was all very poorly done .
I have to say that there is nothing wrong with low budget films , so that was not my problem with it .
The acting in all parts are either over done or too wooden .
Story starts slow and nothing funny happens for a while .
All of them except for a few had no reason to be there .
This movie was truly a big waste of time .
The directing is uninspired and the end result is a bland thriller with lame twists and washed up actors .
It 's like they do not even have to aim their guns and they automatically shoot the zombies in the head .
No wonder they were offering it for free at the mall .
Kramer 's idea of making her appear to be trailer trash is to have her wear an ugly brown wig .
After all , he was not that bad in this film .
The direction is tepid , the story is slow and dull .
It was visually dull and poorly executed .
His dialogue was the worst in the game .
This movie was pretty much a waste of an hour and a half of my time .
The lack of real vampires was incredibly disappointing .
A terrible film which is supposed to be an independent one .
These women somehow manage to make their way to a mansion , which contains an extremely sexist woman .
There is nothing much to say about this .
By then , the story did not have much appeal , either .
Firstly , cheap and lifeless new footage .
The script is dumber than usual if you can believe that .
Her acting was way below decent and the casting people should have looked for somebody else , anybody else .
This movie is basically a movie for kids .
There is absolutely nothing scary about it .
The male lead was very good , even though he gets the worst end of the stick in the climax .
The male lead was very good , even though he gets the worst end of the stick in the climax .
Mikels wanted to make films and he did not care how they turned out so long as he was producing something .
Just the situations were unbelievable and the actors were obnoxious .
What laughs we made were from the stupidity of the plot than at anything amusing .
The lighting is appalling , the dialog is puerile and mostly shouted , and the direction is clueless .
It has nothing to do with the game save for some cheap , throwaway line at the end .
The mother and daughter are better , but not much .
These folks are loud , obnoxious , violent , and just extremely annoying .
All these talents , however , can not help the poor script and the jokes which simply was not funny .
The biggest disappointment lies in the fact that you can easily figure out how the whole thing is going to end .
Here is a guide of steps to avoid making .
Dialogue and character interaction was terrible along with a weak plot .
Whoever wrote the script was all over the place .
The film is a horror film , but it lacks scares .
Regardless of what people say , this movie is not that shocking , it just plain all out sucks .
The chief of army staff looks unconvincing .
The script is vapid and the dialogue mindless and vulgar .
To make things even worse , this is not a movie so bad that it 's good .
They gave him a ridiculous wig and an unconvincing accent , and somehow he disappeared into it .
The entire look of the film is just ugly .
This kind of artificial art grab is just a pathetic way to try to show that you 're a good film maker .
However , this weak and absurd plot may prevent you from watching it to the end .
This film is undone by some bad acting and unintentional humorous scenes .
The character acts wooden and creepy .
But this one is trying too hard to be something artful and fails in my opinion painfully .
Unfortunately , this did not happen .
If you have children and prefer to watch scary movies after they fall asleep , this one is a big mistake .
But unfortunately it is not enough .
So no wonder that she had to sink as low as this piece of crap ..
With some incredibly corny lines , perhaps the screenwriter got bored and did not care .
The script is poor , the casting very ordinary , but the dialogue and acting is just woeful .
Direction brings little to the weak screenplay .
What a mess , it seemed less written than made up as they went along .
However , there are a couple interesting things to look for in the mess .
The plot was more or less obvious from the start .
Which is a very wrong way of looking at immigration , and a much worse way of telling people about it .
The lack of budget drags the film down in other aspects too .
Fight scenes are poorly coordinated and fake as all hell .
The shame is that on paper this is a cast supposedly worth watching .
Badly acted , a witless script , cack handed direction ...
And also when the clown is looking through that black box paper thing and grabs
The whole concept of the movie is ridiculous and absolutely implausible .
Except that this is worse , because you do not get your money 's worth .
Development is slow like tea drinking ceremony .
This has got to go down as almost one of the worst movies of all time .
This is really low budget bad quality bad written rubbish .
Kind of amusing if you have some time to waste and like seeing the conclusion to a dramatic plot .
This one probably does not fit in the bottom of the barrel of mediocre
There is not much to say about this film , it is horrible .
Avoid this movie at all costs , folks .
An uninteresting plot , characters made of clay , violence with no point .
Do not , unless looking to mock it , see this movie .
Even the troop movements are a little confusing .
The movie was just all too painful .
And his girlfriend was shallow , hollow and annoying as hell .
The last episode was dull , dull , dull .
It 's a waste of her talent and she surely deserves better .
Other than that , you might want to save yourself from this movie trash .
I am an avid fan of horrendous movies , anything cheesy and down right ridiculous is my game .
The scripting and direction are extremely poor .
Even more terrible is that she is on screen virtually all the time .
I sure hope the book was better , so it did not waste even more of people 's time .
A remarkably bland bunch of men who do not seem to care either way what is happening .
Badly scripted , with inane and wooden dialogue .
There is no redeeming character in the film , not one .
I turned it back , hoping it was just one part of the movie , but no .
The effects do look low budget , gawd awful .
My advice is to avoid renting it lest you waste an hour or two of your time laughing more than screaming .
If you can avoid watching this movie in anyway , please do .
Stuck on the shelf , gathering dust .
I wanted to watch this movie , but one bizarre ridiculous scene after another forced me to shut it off .
Bad acting , bad directing , bad writing .
The plot hinges on chance happenings and relies on stupidity from people who are supposed to be smart .
The writing and directing were very weak .
However , the nudity is not that exciting , and the violence is repetitive and boring .
Its debilitating stupidity even fails to amuse .
Unfortunately , no one else here can really act worth a darn .
This is not a horror film , but a boring sex movie .
The original film was a turkey , but an interesting one .
The only thing that is worse than that , are the special effects .
Often bad movies have some redeeming features , this has nothing .
This is basically like a children 's program but with swearing .
Seems the producers of the film forgot to have anything interesting happen .
I just found this one to be somewhat mediocre .
First off , there is not one funny or clever line in the entire movie honestly .
To begin with , the plot such as it was , was totally ridiculous .
Hope that you will never have to endure anything this awful again .
The actors did not even seem to be into their parts and seemed quite lifeless and listless .
It could not have made things much worse really .
If you think that this is stupid , hold it , because it 's getting worse .
I think this movie is probably the worst film ever made .
Yep you would of thought that a horrible murder would of deterred them from doing that ever again but no .
Okay this is stupid , they say their not making another
There was nothing of value in the original movie , this one was even lamer .
Not only is the film poorly acted and scripted it is severely lacking in all the technical areas of filmmaking .
Poorly structured , badly written , loaded with cliches and flat dialogue .
Worse yet is the loss of theme , which robs the film of any reason to exist .
This film has a truly dreadful script .
The plot starts to get off the ground and then crashes through the entire movie .
Furthermore , the plot has no real twists at all , a three year old kid could guess what comes next .
Even waiting on a deserted train platform beats this mess .
This film is full of bad scripting and laughable moments .
This one is in a battle with some of the most awful movies of all time .
It is a poor attempt at copying the original classics and the songs are quite appalling .
Just the way it was made just sends in rolling downhill .
Otherwise , move along , nothing to see here .
Unattractive characters , hackneyed script , and listless pacing make for a long two hours .
Do not waste and hour and twenty minutes of your life .
Nisha is just plain annoying from the time her lips first open .
The thing is , it 's so full of clichés that it 's laughable .
It 's not just the fact that every horror cliché imaginable is in this .
I ca not even begin to describe how awful this film was .
Name a single element of any horror film and this movie fails .
But the worst technical problem is the audio .
The character development is very poor .
This movie is an insult to women kind .
The whole thing is really very dull .
The whole movie is basically like this .
Instead , she is completely unlikeable .
So bad it does not deserve to be part of this franchise .
I could go on , but it would be pointless .
Boll your movies are no longer on my list of worst movies ever this took the cake .
This is a horrible film in every way .
However , the script is pure recycled garbage .
I do not think there has ever been a worse ending to a movie .
I suppose the problems begin begin with the script which was so amateurish it 's unbelievable .
This wooden production left me cold .
This film is awful in every department .
This movie was terrible to say the least .
Terrible acting , terrible effects , terrible writing , you get my drift .
Just as a movie this is something that would not even get a passing grade in film school .
The only redeeming quality of this movie is that it was bad enough to be comedic .
To make matters worse , they never have anything interesting to say .
The plot is an absolute mess , and the film is way too long .
But here it 's like they just do not care .
All internet buzz aside , this movie was god awful .
The production design does nothing to help the credibility of the action .
They 've completely ruined the premise of the show .
Anyhow , a somewhat good idea for a storyline , a man getting pregnant instead of the woman goes to waste here .
I saw the rough cut of this film a while ago , but somehow , this just got worse .
I felt absolutely nothing for this guy .
However , this movie is simply awful in every conceivable way .
Boring religious nonsense talking , moaning , bitching ... and some more .
The most disappointing thing in this movie to me , was the ending .
It was not awful yet it had so much potential and the final result was just so average .
Really there is nothing much else to say about it .
I generally like the cheap horror monster type movies , but this movie was a disappointment .
Even if the intent of the movie was to be lame , it was too lame to be funny .
Even if the intent of the movie was to be lame , it was too lame to be funny .
I would not recommend it , as it is a waste of your time
If you are over ten years old , avoid this movie .
You will just waste your time unless if you like dark movie with strange and non sense story .
The direction is pedestrian and the acting is mediocre .
The script also was dull and lacked any sense of wonder and humour .
The film is basically junk but fairly amusing on a sleazy , sordid little level .
This thing here just wears the same name .
This is quite possibly the worst film to ever be shot .
You 're better off watching paint dry .
The title character seemed dry and uninspired .
Do not go see it , it will be a waste of time and money .
This just flies against common sense and made the film a silly melodramatic mess .
The acting was bad and there was no plot .
The plot is probably the worst thing ever created by man .
Unfortunately , she is put to bad use here .
I stated before it s a degrading mess .
The filming of the movie was scattered and boring .
It is irresponsible and cheap and a waste of the medium .
No storyline , just the same lame scene over and over again with a different person .
I do not know where to start why this movie sucked too much .
Besides this , the acting is mediocre .
The moral is so obvious that it is almost embarrassing to even point it out .
It 's even worse because the director is female .
He acts very well , but it is a horrible story , along with horrible direction .
The complaints are valid , to me the biggest problem is that this soap opera is too aimed for women .
But even if the editing were better , the film would not be .
The writing is wretched , the editing redundant , and the direction amateurish .
However the story is an insult to the original franchise .
Clyde also walked with a limp because while in prison he cut off a big toe .
It is not so bad that it becomes funny , so it just ends up being a mediocre horror film .
It is a shame to spend millions of dollars in such a bad scenario .
This movie was a stupid piece of crap .
Or perhaps he had simply had enough of her obnoxious acting .
It was not so much the performance , he gave it his all , it was the weak script .
Stupid we 're going to the prom junk .
But the worst imaginable revival of the play will make you feel more alive than this movie .
Just looking at the premise of the story .
As if this film were not disjointed enough , it appears to be cut to shreds .
This crap is like watching paint dry .
If it was supposed to be scary , it was not .
In other words , it 's a lame , lame , lame , lame comedy .
The problem is that there are just no scenes that work .
Unfortunately something that did not make them funny .
Such a great cast , such a lousy , rotten script .
However , no football is played whatsoever and we see the behind the scenes look at basically nothing .
Like all bad sequels , it basically just repeats the story of the first one .
There was no real plot , and none of the characters seemed to have any motivation .
Terrible , trite , distorted and riddled with outright lies and half truths .
I watched the whole tedious thing and built expectations for a huge redeeming payoff .
There are bad movies that deserve to be watched .
The songs are pathetic , really abysmal .
I went to blockbuster and the attendant even told us not to waste our time or money .
There was not even one remotely witty or amusing line in this lame movie .
The film had potential , but it needed a better script , better acting , and a better director .
This movie fails miserably on every level .
It 's really a shame the movie has nothing in it that keeps interest .
There are long stretches of dialogue that is boring and does not further the plot any .
Do not waste your time on this one , you will not miss anything .
I find this concept of someone not really being a werewolf interesting .
The dialogue and acting are even worse than in an average porno movie .
It 's just impossible to watch , the story line sucks , it 's depressing , and utterly disgusting .
Brooks ' movies have become worse and worse over the years .
The central plot is hardly played with at all , and the result is an entirely boring experience .
It fails miserably , but it 's trying .
Well it tried to , but really fails .
The story is uninspired and really not credible .
You feel sorry for the cast as they try to extract comedy from a dire and lifeless script .
Someone , please shoot him before he writes any more such garbage .
As usual , the failure should have been spotted at the very beginning with the terrible script and story .
The main issue is the horrible acting of the main three girls that landed up in the house .
An incoherent storyline does not help anything either .
This man should really stick to making comics , since he fails on all possible accounts as a director .
It was not funny at all and the main characters were obnoxious .
The sci fi channel has run worse , but not by much .
I said above , there were some creepy scenes , but otherwise , this movie was a mess .
It really becomes laughable at points .
Honestly it seemed to me that this flick was done just to grab a quick buck .
There are basically three parts to the film .
But this movie proved to be one of the worst movies i have ever seen .
Unfortunately his plan fails when he finds a big lot of goop on a tree .
On the whole , this is just a bad , bad movie .
I 'm not questioning the lame money those people are paid , but the quality of the product they deliver .
Honestly , this movie has nothing to recommend .
I was completely bored throughout the entire film .
You would be better off watching paint dry .
It was not even funny in the slightest .
Guess they were really desperate for work and money .
Nothing about the film seemed real to me .
The house of the spirits is quite awful .
Otherwise , skip this one for the sake of your pride .
The characters are difficult to care about and the acting is poor .
There is nothing else to recommend , save ogling a few pretty women which you can do in a thousand films .
The scenery and music are uninspired and plot just is not interesting .
These characters were cardboard and the picture they gave was just ugly .
It was too talky , boring , and the actress looked old .
It 's supposed to have only one original puppy returning .
Spacey lacks the ability to create a lot of tension and keep it going .
Oh , and new cousins do not just pop up out of no where .
Unless you 're one of these mindless fans , stay the hell away from this abomination .
It 's something you ' look at ' if you have absolutely nothing else better to do .
Badly made and bad acting ruined it from being curious .
First of all he looks nothing like him .
I bet you have better things to do with your time than waste it on this piece of crap .
This really is one of the worst movies i have ever seen and i have seen many bad movies .
I hate to see such a good concept go to waste .
As it is , it is desperately unmotivated and boring , and terribly inconsistent .
It seemed like they were writing the script as they were filming .
I am unfortunate to see it is a terrible movie .
But , they remain as boring as they were before .
Technically speaking , the production is strictly amateurish .
Just a waste of movie props and network money .
To make things worse , there 's not an interesting shot to be found in the entire film .
If you 're writing a paper and want to cite an example of just how far the quality of cartoons has fallen ,
So far this incomprehensible mess has no real story .
The end result is really quite lousy .
Nowhere does he actually tell them why he thinks they 're stupid .
Some ideas should stay just that , an idea .
Maybe only wanted to evoke a mood of horror .
Some of the scenes just left me stunned as to how bad it was .
The resolution and quality are poor .
The movie is gray , stilted , and mostly boring .
Unfortunately , her ability to do so is the high point of the film .
The entire concept is just plain dumb .
Oh well it s watchable but only just and only because , despite the poor script , the acting is strong .
Ferrell has some funny moments , and tries to make the best out of an otherwise unfunny role .
Thus both story and action fails , and the movie is just plain bad .
No climax , no dramatic development , no good acting , not even bad acting , it just goes on and on and on .
This was one of the worst movies i saw in months .
And the rest of the cast was worse , there being no words to describe their awfulness .
The jokes , if you could call them that , were so predictable as to be pathetic .
No script , no dialogues , no acting .
Otherwise , you are wasting your time .
The concept is fresh and full of potential , but the script and the execution of it lacks any real substance .
Just when all the bodies seem to have been recovered , the next scene plunges into even worse carnage .
If you already do not like this story outline , save your time and watch something else .
The story itself is just crap and cliché .
But this show went to hell because of the lame crappy videos people submitted .
Nothing new , nothing interesting , nothing worth watching .
This is not a horrible movie , it just is not that good .
Oh well , at least he 's not boring like most of the rest of the cast .
That alone does not make it a bad movie , but it does make a bad movie worse .
The story drags , the characters are obvious amateur actors ... it does not live up to the promise .
Then the movie takes a turn for the worse .
But it was not just him the other actors sucked too .
Alas , most of them were wasting their time .
Unfortunately , everything sinks eventually under the weight of a truly awful , melodramatic script .
Save your money , save your sanity .
Positively , absolutely , without a shadow of a doubt one of the worst movies ever .
Even at that age the ' humor ' was mildly insulting to my adolescent intelligence .
I was really bored the other day and the box intrigued me .
Unfortunately , premise does not mean the movie was good .
Skip this one , you are not missing anything .
Then you wo not have to waste money .
Basically , she does not have a clue .
It 's not even thrilling , just ridiculous .
Truly , a piece of unfunny garbage .
What a flake that old chick is , and what a total waste of my time and money this movie was .
But it all fails with bland and braindead characters .
We are left hanging , but with nothing much else save languid shots of grave and pensive male faces to savour .
The movie was in my opinion poorly written and directed .
It 's quicker than sitting through this waste of celluloid .
A very predictable ending to the point of nauseous .
Unfortunately , with the limited amount of dialogue to hand out , some of them are merely on display .
So all in all it 's a waste of your life .
The audio was awful and the action shots looked like a couple of teen 's joking around making a fake fight scene .
Jokes are too lousy and there is no nudity ...
If this book remained faithful to the book then we can only assume that the author was ignorant of history .
There are worse epics , but this one is not much better .
I found that the director 's use of flashbacks did not add to the story line for me .
Bad acting , bad script , bad everything .
Spare yourself the expense and the waste of time .
I ca not believe how awful this movie turned out to be .
Worst movie ever , no one should rent it , and it should only be bought for a public burning ceremony .
It 's clear that there was nothing more interesting than its main idea .
Nothing that happens here is interesting .
What do you expect when there is no script to begin with , and therefore nothing that the director can work with .
I like clever movies , i like strange movies but this was just odd and boring .
And the ending was very disappointing .
The acting was not good and the plot was not even remotely interesting .
Unsurprisingly , the plot ends up being incoherent and stupid .
The severed arm is behaving like a snake and kills few people .
This movie does not deserve to make any money .
But no , instead we get this senseless pile of nonsense that will bore you to death .
Hard to believe it took six producers to make a movie this lousy .
I found the movie laughable at times particularly when cage punches some women and runs around in a bear suit .
So , even a poorly acted , cheaply made movie can be good .
The story , even if we do not care , is incredibly bad .
Steer clear of this abomination of filmmaking at all costs .
Even the biggest anime fans will have to admit that this vicious action thriller is an disappointing gore fest .
The final climax to the movie is quite probably the worst imaginable .
The dialogue is appalling , the acting wooden and the effect of the whole was , to be honest , tedious .
She has not made anything worse than that ... yet .
Story is awful considering it was written by six people .
This one is not scary , is not gory , is not even funny as a comedy , so do not waste your precious time .
It gave audiences nothing new to discus about the awful subject .
He had a talent to amuse , no doubt , but he could neither write nor speak convincing dialogue .
There is basically nothing in the story that is worth watching .
They threw every topic they could think of hoping something would stick .
At least the director made something out of nothing .
The film is unbelievable , very predictable and cliché .
Better off with mindless crap than this pile of junk .
This movie really waste yours time and money .
This movie was a poor attempt at a similar theme .
Here was the production 's weakest point , the actress failed to get that across .
Otherwise , stay away at all costs .
Her revenge was silly and stupid and very confusing through most of the movie .
They tried to shoot a horror film instead of a comedy .
In summary , a lazy cliched script , over acted , in a dull predictable story .
Then everything goes unbelievable messy nothing really explains anything and ..
Their was just nothing to sink your teeth into and all the characters were two dimensional .
The problem here here lies in the perspective of the directors instead of the truck drivers .
This film is self indulgent rubbish .
Just written in to suit the appalling script .
The main difference is that the remake just seems to have no energy at all .
The end and climax of this film is absolutely abysmal and also laughable .
An inappropriately titled , dramatically unsatisfying , vampire mystery .
The film is not sure what it wants to be and pretty much ends up a mess .
And through the entire film you realize that there 's nothing the main character can really do about it .
The acting is horrible mainly because of the extremely bad plot .
The situations are cringeworthy and shallow and completely boring and predictable .
Those positive reviews had to be a joke they just had to be .
The rest of the actors ... they do not deserve the term actors actually , are completely uninteresting .
Freddy is at his cartoon character worst .
The dialogue is not only puerile and meaningless but often literally painful .
I 'm not sure , this one may be the worst of the lot .
Just do not expect anything more than to be mildly amused for a few hours .
Ultimately too silly and pointless .
Absolute waste of time watching it .
On top of all this the acting and storyline are just mediocre at their strongest points .
Unfortunately , she failed miserably .
I think the whole thing is a mess from the start .
It defied all logic and ability to write a good storyline ... it was senseless and awful .
There is nothing straight forward about this tedious work .
Sure , maybe they could 've worked it in somehow , but they offered no explanation whatsoever .
This has got to be one of the worst movies ever made .
I lost track of how many terrible jokes in the movie that not only sucked but were not exactly kid appropriate .
The cast are largely awful and mainly very average looking too .
That 's about the only redeeming quality of this movie .
Almost every episode seems like a waste of space where nothing of interest occurs .
The direction is very bland leading to a relatively dull experience instead of eliciting scares .
The only thing worse than the acting was the dialogue , which bordered on absurd .
Need not have bothered to be honest , as this film is dull , dull , dull .
Spare yourself from wasting time , avoid it like the plague .
I do not see any logic behind this trash except may be that the director had nothing good to do .
They 're all eminently forgettable , in fact .
This movie is nothing more than an amateur , or possibly student , film .
Instead of character development , he would crack a joke .
Life 's to short to waste it on watching crappy movies .
The director of this film either did not make any attempt , was asleep , or took a hit of acid .
This , for lack of a better term , movie is lousy .
Basically , a rat is flushed down the toilet and somehow has to get back out .
Or rather , this a poor attempt at it .
The writing was absolutely pathetic .
Oh that 's right , this is not a movie but a music video , and it 's a poor one at that .
Unfortunately , the man whose money it really is happens to be very bad .
This is really nothing but a showcase for her looks and talent .
I mean , you have actors trying to be serious , albeit barely , and a script that cries for a total rewrite , ....
The rest of it was pretty much plot less and pointless .
The songs are all mediocre , no one would bother with the songs from this movie after a few years .
Sadly , this is the only decent moment from a script that looks like it has been cobbled together in ten minutes .
The filming of the movie is absolutely terrible .
The characters are largely uninteresting .
This movie has every horror move cliché in imagination , and all badly played .
Most of all , this movie is terribly boring .
Do not even waste your time sending a review .
Blatant propaganda with no attempt at objectivity .
I digress because there is so much blah blah in this film , that you wonder when the killings are going to start .
Secondly the plot was all over the place , right off the bat the story is confusing .
If you want a synopsis , look elsewhere .
The storyline is completely predictable , and completely uninteresting .
I do not know , this was not terrible but it did not really do much for me .
This piece of crap does not have any point whatsoever .
But the worst part by far is the hand held camera .
My head hurt throughout because of the terribly dull characters and their pointless , plot less lives .
Cause i sure would not waste the money on it myself again .
Not only is the film badly performed , it looks bad .
But it becomes so predictable and uninteresting .
All this for two plodding , painfully slow hours .
The characters were thin and annoying , including the main character .
It 's just boring , pretentious twaddle .
The ending is absolutely ridiculous .
Now , this would not have been so bad if the director was not trying to make the next
Probably one of my worst movie nights .
This girl has no talent what so ever , nothing but complete garbage .
What annoys me about this film is the utter lack of characterization .
Ridiculous lighting design plagues parts of this film , to say nothing of the variations in the passage of time .
All in all , it 's miserably forgettable .
Unfortunately , it was too long , too thin and too weak to hold my attention .
I just ended up fast forwarding the entire thing and went to exchange the movie for something else .
The film lacked wonder or romance or anything that would really drive one to science .
We can start with the wooden acting but this film is a disaster .
Additionally , the death of the priest at the beginning of the movie seemed a little strange and pointless to me .
Some have a plot , some do not , but they 're all about as bad as this one .
No body seemed to care about it , or even try .
I am ashamed for all of the people involved in making this .
The fight scenes are nothing special and pretty dull , and the monsters are not either anything special .
All in all this is a forgettable comedy .
His abrasive personality could have worked here , but the lousy script does not even give him a chance .
Awful enough , that l feel obligated to warn you how bad it is .
Several characters are poorly cast , too .
The result of which is a depressing ending that ruins even the quality first forty minutes of the movie .
And we dinosaurs do not have that much time to waste .
This priest does not come across so much as being humble as he does just plain pitiful .
To those people who said that they have seen worst movies than this one please tell me .
Here it looks like he 's just going thru the motions .
The acting is terrible , the action scenes are speeded up , the script is almost painful and budget non existent .
It looked as if someone else directed it for one thing .
This one just plain stinks the place up .
It 's hard to believe that this crap 's supposed to be a comedy .
Anyone contemplating watching this film , please save your money .
I would have given it a little chance if there were attractive women in the movie , but even they were bad .
The cinematography and video quality are unbelievably bad .
In other words , it seemed technically poor to me .
It s not bad as such it s just you really do not care .
Still , it 's absolutely painful and boring .
A means of stretching a poorly written scenario .
The problem here is , they mean this serious , not as a joke .
I guess this is supposed to mean that the girls should know exactly where this alleged treasure is .
Such a pretentious and lame attempt to hipness .
There is absolutely no coherence in the events or nothing else to add .
The only redeeming quality of this film was that the actors were somewhat attractive ...
It 's completely incoherent , silly and stupid .
But it is obvious that he just does not care .
The acting is bad , the story is weak , the characters are weaker , and the whole film just does not make sense .
I have no clue what this was supposed to represent .
I am sad to say that it is a rather mediocre film bordering on poor .
Too silly , lame and simplistic and just not entertaining enough .
That should be more than enough for even the most mediocre of producers to work with .
The opening scene looks promising , when the fat nurse drops the canister of blood and runs for her dear life .
Afraid of how bad it might be , or how disappointing .
If you decide to brave this one just be prepared for a big disappointment .
Yeah okay we know exactly whats going to happen to the blonde chick in glasses .
I 've never seen a worse acted film outside of pornography .
If not for the cars , then this movie seriously is a piece of junk , with bad acting , bad lines and bad action .
Instead it 's just turgid , dull , and routine .
Here 's an interesting little movie that strictly gives the phrase low budget a horrible name .
Except for the fact that somehow someone lured
The bank employee gone bad just acts too poorly to convincingly decide to hire killers to off his employers .
For the most part boredom was the worst part of this movie , there was just very little excitement .
What an incomprehensible mess of a movie .
Worst of all , these scenes are not connected and appear at random intervals .
It is too bad he chose to do such a weak film .
I thought that it was generally a decent movie , except for the storyline , which was stupid and horrible ...
All in all a very disappointing film , particularly given the positive reviews on this site .
I almost fell asleep with boredom watching this movie .
My main problem would be that it simply is not scary .
His name crops up in several of the worst movies of all time , and he is a decent actor .
The production values are not bad considering the obviously limited budget but that script is atrocious .
The movie was predictable and slow .
This is not just bad as in being a bad movie .
I have to ask why anyone would want to make such a bad film .
Even if the poor kid had any acting skills , the scene is completely unbelievable .
This was a real waste of money considering how many directions this film could have taken .
This is one of the worst film adaptations of a musical ever made .
I 've only seen a few minutes , but it was terrible .
Cage 's acting can be good to annoying , and here it does not work .
But even her cuteness ca not save this extraordinarily awful film .
It 's basically one messy heap of different genres , of which none really works out like it was supposed to .
If we keep morality factor aside , even then the bizarre events looks trite .
A really bad and boring crime movie that has nothing out of the ordinary in it .
That said , it 's so awful that we 're having a hard time looking away from the screen .
The movie seems disjointed and overall , poorly written .
Poorly done mockmuntaries are so painful to watch , but obviously extremely cheap to make .
Feel free to write me off as bored , jaded or just not interested .
Unfortunately it 's just not that good .
Could not have been too much of that where this movie is concerned .
I had to watch other films by this director for a class , the others were not as boring .
It was embarrassing to be one of the few people who stuck around until the end of this incredibly boring movie .
First of all , the story is so badly recycled as to make it almost unbearable .
Truly terrible , pretentious , endless film .
The first joke was just so appallingly lame and dreadfully acted that it had to go .
He 's fat , and he 's bland , and he looks like he 's going to flat line any second .
The performances are just plain bad .
This particular movie was a complete and utter waste of time to see .
It is a shame , that they agreed to be seen with this nonsense .
The film suffers because of poor writing .
More like dull , pointless and vague .
The script is pointless and meandering , with all plot elements serving as segways between supposed sex scenes .
However , that was the only redeeming quality for me .
They were mostly wooden or simply not convincing .
Attenborough 's big crowd scenes are laughable .
Aside from the terrible script , this movie does have it 's moments , many of which are unintentionally funny .
What a puerile , immature line , even for a kid 's movie of this caliber .
They take already poor written characters and add in terrible high school drama acting .
This must , without a doubt , be the biggest waste of film , settings and camera ever .
It could not have been because this movie 's script was anything to get excited about .
The acting was so awful that it was almost funny .
The worst thing though is that it could have been so much better than it actually was .
The story was a cliché and poorly scripted .
This dreadful cinematic excretion will be dragged out to embarrass and hopefully humble the stunned guest star .
There 's a couple of scenes of nudity but that 's nowhere near enough to save it .
Technically , this was a poor film .
Please save your money and time for another movie .
I am giving a two star rating however because nothing could be as bad as manos the hands of fate .
I was to be disappointed , it did not get any better , it got worse if that is at all possible .
Gymkata is without a doubt one of the worst movies ever made .
I mean the acting was mostly horrible ..
Everything from the story , to the directing , to the editing is awful .
I found it slow , which would be okay but for the fact that it seemed to go nowhere .
The fact that someone actually spent money on such a bad script , is beyond me .
It is emotionally boring and unbelievable .
I have no problem with fantasy , just do not try to pass it off as fact .
No , the problem with the movie is the script .
If it was not for the bad dialogues and script .
Incompetent directing , disjointed writing , and awful acting are the only consistent elements throughout .
He must have done this because he was bored and needed the money .
Yeah , the main characters could leave , but they do not .
It goes completely away from the original , so far in fact that is ceases to be clever and just gets annoying .
It 's not only slow , but it 's so utterly boring .
Unfortunately that was not to be the case .
Enlightenment scenes are visually poor and do not create the better feeling that it was supposed to .
There is a bunch of sex scenes and references and all are below the waste line .
Oh , my ... this is one of the movies , which does not have even one positive effect .
But the writing here is extremely poor .
This movie is terrible , illogical , and stupid .
Unfortunately , that really is the only question , because there is no doubt that it does .
This film seems to be completely pointless .
I wonder if the director has any clue how many holes there are in the plot .
Unfortunately , this is virtually the only thing going for it .
This leaves the script to comment on , which was pretty awful .
Night suffers from the worst affliction a horror movie could have , and that is predictability .
No wonder she has no other credits to her name for writing or directing .
Let this one come out on video before wasting your money .
The biggest point of failure is the second act .
But if anything , the one thing that was terrible about the movie was that it was a feature movie .
The female lead was a terrible actress which made the whole movie mediocre .
The cast too are poor , unable to salvage anything here .
The main problem with the film is that the script just is not very funny .
The plot , character development , and gags in this movie are all extremely weak .
There was nothing scary about this movie at all .
What she said was nothing at all to write home about and her animation was kind of ugly .
Oh , and they 're wearing the same clothes as on their original date .
Unfortunately , they happen in the context of a movie that does not seem to have a clue what it 's doing .
Overall an artistic disappointment .
If only they had been given a better script to work with .
But saying this movie was a disappointment is an understatement .
The film is very badly written , stock full of stale and unfunny jokes and stupid situations .
King book is a bad joke and nothing more .
The plot , or lack of one , is paper thin .
The acting was awful , like they all needed lessons .
He looks just silly wearing the costume .
If you have not bought it yet , do not even think about it , it 's just a waste of time .
If you 're going to make a bad horror film at least throw in some blood , gore and nudity .
The script is bad , the portrayal of the characters is untrue to the novel and nearly all actors are miscast .
There 'a a lot of pointless talking and riding around , interspersed with a few lame shoot outs .
If you have nothing to do at home , go to sleep .
In the end what lets this down most badly are the terrible special effects and art direction .
The story was boring , the dialogue was atrocious and the acting hammy .
However , not even the brilliance of a screen legend could save this film from going down hill .
Clichés can work well with a script , or at least an idea .
It is relentlessly unfunny , the cinematography is crappy and the direction is pedestrian .
This should be one of the worst things ever made , but for one thing .
The story idea is interesting but poorly executed .
I chose this movie by the cover which was a bad move .
That would be ok , but the story was poorly executed .
The movie is not funny , poorly shot the acting is weak at best .
The effects were so fake , they were laughable .
This however has the worst looking monsters of that genre .
The acting was probably the only thing mildly scary about it .
The plot is predictable and not in any way original .
I have no idea what they were thinking but this movie is so bad .
If only to avoid making this type of film in the future .
Not only that the storyline and script was wretched .
What a waste , not just for the viewers but for the actors as well .
The plot line was good , but the execution was just poor .
I was hoping that this film was going to be at least watchable .
I won this movie in a contest at college , and it was a waste of money even if it was free .
It 's bad , but it is not bad in a silly , humorous or interesting way .
The film has a nonsense storyline which catches no interest .
Heat , on the other hand , is just terribly mediocre .
Unfortunately on a thirty five year old it just comes across as odd and vaguely creepy .
This is yet another bad movie that you should probably avoid watching .
The characters are entirely flat and stereotyped , the writing , plot and direction are amateurish , at best .
Despite the bad acting , cliché lines , and sub par camera work .
Despite the bad acting , cliché lines , and sub par camera work .
Despite the bad acting , cliché lines , and sub par camera work .
Hobgoblins on the other hand , starts off bad and gets progressively worse as it goes .
The director should be ashamed to have put his name on something so ridiculous ..
The supporting players are not quite as awful .
As far as the rest of the cast , they are , simply , terrible .
I know it was supposed to be a comedy , but the stupidity of the main character was exhausting .
Oh yea and the age old , money is the root of all evil blah blah blah .
The sining was terrible and the songs even worse .
Nothing about it was good , you end up thinking to yourself why am i watching this crap .
The cinematography looks outdated in the first half but it looks unimaginative .
Unfortunately , she was not presented much into the script .
Unfortunately , this is pretty pathetic .
This film is cheap , tacky and fails in everything it tries to do .
I watched this piece of nonsense and could barely believe what i was watching .
This movie is one of the worst comedy movies i have ever seen .
Another thing that was annoying was the music .
Anyway , the movie is largely boring and based around a bunch of worthless characters .
The writing , acting , directing and everything else in this movie is just terrible .
Learn from my mistake and save your money and time with this one .
Which gets me to the biggest problem of all , there barely is any of it .
It is without doubt one of the worst movies ever .
You do not really care for the characters as their lives are as boring as your life watching this tedious movie .
The clown himself looks nothing like the one on the video cover .
At any rate .. the movie kind of bored me .
But till this battle royale , the film was really dull and pathetic .
The use of time to move the story along can really get annoying .
That makes this movie a waste of time and money .
This was an unfortunate film , because the basic idea had possibilities and those possibilities were squandered .
This is just one bad cliché after another .
The entire film was poorly dubbed and made watching mouths while listening to their voices very irritating .
He was just an annoying guy with a couple of swords he did not even know how to use properly .
They only just barely stay awake , let alone act .
This movie is about nothing , just as the characters in the film stand for nothing .
All in all , a movie that would insult anyone 's intelligence .
It was just so boring and unoriginal .
In the standard view , this is a purely awful movie .
Regardless of the specific scene , it all just seems to go on and on to no actual point .
I have to say that the stories are really weak .
Not a complete loss , but nothing new here in this tepid affair .
I can not stress how much of a waste of time this film is .
Some of the dialogue is downright laughable .
How else can one explain the utter and sheer stupidity that this bucket of crap contains .
The writing was subpar , but not completely awful .
I guess this is supposed to show us how stupid he is .
But this is dull and yes , pointless .
The film 's ending is particularly disappointing .
But even by those standards , the acting was embarrassing .
Watch this movie if you want to waste some time .
However , these redeeming features still can not make up for the bad plot and poor story telling .
The result would be pointless , but no more so than the original film .
I really wanted to like this , but in the end it 's a poorly made film with too few laughs .
I was really hoping that this would be a funny show , given all the hype and the clever preview clips .
The fight scenes in the film were horrible .
It is badly shot , too , poorly edited , and the sound design is flat .
Not only do the lips not move , but the mask does not even have an opening where the mouth should be .
None of it is funny it 's just plain ridiculous .
This film was bad because there was nothing interesting about it .
The rest of the movie is forgettable .
The grieving scene was really poor and the part of the movie where it starts going downhill .
There are no laughs to mention , the stereotypes are pathetic , the cast is wasted , the direction is amateurish .
All the sex scenes are laughable , considering how many clothes they had on .
The movie is not total trash but the problem seems to be exactly that .
I only really watched this movie to see how bad it was and , while it was pretty bad , it could have been worse .
The other major reason this movie is horrible is the acting
This one may be one of the worst though .
Not only was not it scary , it was practically laughable .
It was boring and the character development was never there .
Alone and pitiful , she decides to marry the boring guy .
Just one guy wrote the dialogue for this movie , and no women apparently wrote the script with him .
The main focus to me was on the fast free flowing dialogue , that made some people in the film annoying .
The acting was alright but again there was not anything to work with .
What 's worse , as the story is so confusing , it 's pretty hard to root for any of the characters .
While not really bad , it s very preachy and pretentious to the point of making you want to walk away .
The whole plot is totally unconvincing and full of stupidity .
To recap , this film is just unbelievably bad .
Unless you 're in the mood for a cheap scifi flick .
Frankly , as movies go , this is badly plotted , silly and forgettable .
Please do not ever waste your time watching this piece of trash , because it may make you sterile .
Instead , it is painful to watch because of how terrible it is .
I stayed thinking it had to get better but instead it got worse by the minute .
Too say it looked poorly made is and understatement .
Witness him changing from poor slob to horny jerk .
It also fails to make anyone give a good crap about any of the characters .
This movie is painfully slow and has no plot .
Worse than the acting , however , was the story .
This movie does nothing but use cliché after cliché rather than ideas or script .
Just mediocre acting and poor attempts at shock art .
Not offensive but extremely predictable .
Oh yeah and other than the lead the acting was pretty bad if you ask me .
The comedy is weak and all even remotely funny jokes from the flimsy plot were surely revealed in commercials .
The characters never developed enough for me to care about them , they were selfish and unappealing .
Nothing really to write home about .
Any movie that relies on unfunny sex jokes and racism humor does not deserve the money it costs to make it .
And when the leads are boring the rest of the movie can only follow .
The story might been interesting , but the acting is flat , and direction is tedious .
The story line was even worse , if that is possible .
Weak story , weak directing and below average acting .
Becoming boring and not funny at all .
I wonder why someone tried to find a way to make the story going on .
The plot was limp and very unfunny .
Bad script , bad directing , bad acting , bad editing , bad sound , and bad music .
Herendous acting , weak plot , stupid deaths , pointless nudity ...
I recommend that you not waste your money on this film or you will be sorry .
I felt ashamed by watching this lame movie .
It was not just a disappointment , it was a kick in the abdomen .
I believe this film was filmed with a home video camera so awful the images are .
It 's such a shame then that some decent amateur performances are wasted here .
There is maybe one funny joke , it is stupid and it is boring .
I have to say that even in spite of its shortcomings , this film could have been better .
The dialogue is really stupid and trite .
But the film on the whole is poor , seriously poor .
The plot goes nowhere , the writing is contrived , senseless and the characters paper thin .
They 're so bland and dull they hardly matter .
It seems that all of the action scenes were loosely strung together by poor plot points and horrible acting .
Lacking not only in plot , but the acting is atrocious .
The problem is that the people who had it could not come up with any sort of script or budget to support it .
From the poorly done animation , to the beyond bad acting .
Worse than the characters are the actors .
Annoying , static comedy with a painfully miscast
All continuity is lost , either by awful scripting or lethargic direction .
There was not anything positive about this movie .
And as bad as those old movies were , this is actually worse .
There is not one scary moment in it unless you consider stupidity scary .
This movie had terrible directing covered up by even more terrible acting .
The film fails in every department be it screenplay , direction , characterization or acting .
The owners of this show should be ashamed of themselves , since there is no redeeming value to this nonsense .
Leave this crap for a rental when there is nothing else to rent .
I stayed to the end only to see if it would get worse .
If this is playing at a theater near you , avoid it at all costs .
Casting , acting , camera work , cars , costume , setting , script , no , there 's nothing to congratulate .
The writers and directors just take these dull moments and act like they 're supposed to be funny .
I have lost a lot of respect for you being in an awful movie such as this one .
This is far too stupid to be even remotely funny .
Also , it did not help that some of her clothes were awful .
Unintentionally funny at best , pathetic at worst .
I also wonder why the people responsible for this film were allowed to go on to make other bad films .
Not unbearably sad , but the whole situation is just awful to think of .
We had tried to give it a chance , but nothing could save this crud .
It altogether lacks anything remotely resembling subtlety .
Altogether , a disappointing , unimaginative film .
This would have been a much better movie if they 'd just left that character out of the story .
An incomprehensible plot is poorly delivered and poorly presented .
Even the good cast is completely waste .
It 's too bad the rest of this cult attempt does not live up to her promise .
In the movie , it seemed more like just plain boredom .
Despite being funny here and there , the story was ridiculous and the acting was poor .
Neither does it attempt to be scary .
Terrible editing , direction , bad acting , you name it .
Second , the main characters are completely boring .
It 's a lousy script with crappy characters and really naff acting and direction .
He must have been ill during the making of this .
The direction is as poor as can be with a complete lack of suspense , scares or tension .
She does not save the movie for all that .
Apart from a few saving graces , it 's nothing to write home about .
Unfortunately they 're singers and not actors .
Unfortunately they 're singers and not actors .
This movie contains some of the worst dialog and very poor performances from all the cast .
So unless you can only about the gore , pass this one up .
A movie is just not convincing when the major villain does not look or sound the way he 's supposed to .
I ca not believe that the actors agreed to do such a waste of film , money , time and space .
Fast forward to that part and skip the rest .
This was senseless ridiculous rubbish .
Anyone wanting to be entertained should avoid this at all costs .
So not only are not they scary but it 's obnoxious .
The ending does not save the film either .
The script is contrived , the acting painful , and the story just drags along .
Really bad mistake in this movie , which is pretty awful , overall .
The main characters have no chemistry and the acting is horrible .
This could have been really funny because the concept is actually interesting but it is poorly executed here .
It 's this sort of engagement with the subject that lacks here most of all .
I found the whole experience a waste of time .
This movie is a dog , from start to finish , and it 's dull and wooden with nothing much going for it .
The movie is a total embarrassment and there was absolutely nothing funny or even cute about this film .
There 's basically nothing creative about this movie .
I was giving this movie a chance , but it was a waste of time ...
The only thing worse than the television show are the toys , just second rate plastic garbage fed to our kids .
The second point is that when a character dies , or something bad happens to them , we are supposed to care .
There are several overlong and seemingly endless parts of the film in which absolutely nothing happens .
It is a total waste of money and you will only end up being disappointed afterwards .
The film looks cheap and nasty and is boring in the extreme .
I guess we 're not supposed to ask .
Save yourself , unless your up for a good laugh .
Pass on this turkey unless you 're masochistic or mindless anyway ....
Rent it at dollar night from you local video store if you 're kind of bored .
The worst part about this movie is the title .
Also , they make one of the worst movie couples .
However the movie was just plain bad .
Horror movie logic would say they deserve to die for this , but they 're never even in any danger .
Its truly , undeniably awful , with no plot and a reliance on supposed special effects which fall flat , too .
That was just really really stupid to even have that in a movie .
It 's a total waste of an hour and a half of my time .
The plot was weak to say the least .
It 's a complete waste of time for these actors but at least they got paid .
Acting , direction and dialogue is absolutely unbearable .
Horrible running gags , lame acting .
A real waste of time , do not bother .
All this movie will do will preach to the choir and make everyone else laugh at such a ridiculous waste of money .
Awake is so dull and so utterly uninteresting that you 'd be better off asleep .
The other problem is the dubbing which is beyond awful .
The dancing was stilted , unmotivated and unoriginal , the songs forgettable , the story a joke .
Both are just too lame for words and just very poorly put together .
Then the director thinks he 's a director .
In short , a waste of talent and film .
Big disappointment and not really a modern cannibal tale .
Every plot turn is predictable , every lame joke telegraphed .
But to me they just seem tedious and slow .
Apart from two or three amusing moments , this film is a waste of two hours .
The acting is awful , the direction is laughable , and so far the situations are not necessary .
The problem is that this sequel is horrible , not even unintentionally funny and tries to imitate the original .
This movie could have been so much better with a script rewrite .
The messy script does get considerably silly .
Basically , the main villain of the peace turns out be an okay guy , if a coward .
Stupid , stupid story and horrible production .
Unfortunately , the realism is boring .
It had nothing to do with anything .
That aside , this is a very boring film .
The problem is the storyline is so dull that the rampant sexuality gets pretty tedious after awhile .
Frankly , this is no excuse for poor acting .
It 's predictable and therefor also lacks in suspense and credibility .
The cast for the film is not bad on paper , but none of these actors seem to believe in the material .
Finally , the special effects are laughable and do nothing to advance the story .
This yawn was so large that i could barely find anything of quality in this movie .
We 're talking some of the worst makeup ever captured on film here .
A watchable one but a turkey none the less .
Not at all creepy or haunting not even sickening just plain annoying .
A horrible misfire that somehow did not destroy the careers of those involved .
As for the weak and clichéd script ... homage is no excuse .
The story was incredibly lame and difficult to follow , and the ending was ridiculous .
I just could not believe how bad this movie is .
This was worse than watching a car wreck .
Worse , they even changed the original plot line with a few goofs .
This movie is one of the worst ones of the year .
Watch this film only if you have absolutely nothing better to do .
The whole movie is missleading and boring .
I did not think this was as absolutely horrible as some people apparently do .
The blood and gore are also poorly done .
I feel that the main problem stems from the script and not the direction of this film .
Do not waste your time , unless of course you want to take it back and try to get the rental back .
The story is to be generous ... trite .
A wrinkle in time is a waste of time and a big time waster .
However , even the sex scenes are lame lame lame .
After that , however , the whole thing turns into a tedious , unstructured and insufferably amateurish mess .
Because the plot required him to do nothing .
This film is supposed to be all these and fails on each and every account , as if it is not trying .
Even worse is the scripts , very unfunny , childish , witless and suffer from a complete lack of energy .
But the movie fails to get on with it .
If that was the point , the point sucked .
Avoid this one at all costs , unless you revel in ' conflict ' .
I can not believe any company could even get people to work on a film like this .
The film is one unfunny joke that goes on and on and on and on .
A vanity piece of work that fails at every turn .
The editing and direction are worse than pedestrian .
To call this anything at all would be an insult to everything else .
I wanted this movie to work so badly , but it just did not .
When he tries to add the attractive blonde to his harem she runs away and goes from peril to peril .
Lee looks like he 's in pain throughout the movie , and no wonder .
Honestly , this film was utterly terrible .
Way too predictable of a story line with potential to be funny but instead falls flat on its face .
The adaptation of the original 's characters seemed juvenile and usually proved to be horribly annoying .
I just sat in the theater bored as hell , i wanted to leave halfway through the movie .
We brought this film as a joke for a friend , and could of been our worst joke to play .
But if you want something original and clever , avoid .
Furthermore , it was unnecessary and added nothing to the film .
Do not be like them , just pass this by .
Avoid unless you want to be lulled to sleep .
Unfortunately , this movie does no credit whatsoever to the original .
These are the two most poorly written characters offering almost nothing to the story .
The acting is poor , the southern accents are fake and insulting .
It 's just a pretty big waste of time .
Idea is good , but script and story itself is terrible .
Save your money for something funny .
The movie lacks any sort of entertainment value and is not even a thriller .
The film is badly written , and the actors never succeed in making any of it even slightly bearable .
That and , of course , no one scene can save an entire movie .
A film so bad it 's not good , and painfully unfunny with it
It was slow , and lacks the entertainment value .
But in this one .. oh my good .. for a movie which is supposed to be a musical one .. the songs are soooo bad .
The acting is terrible , the plot is pure crap , and the effects and photography could not be more amateurish .
Quite possibly the worst film ever made .
Neither lead has any material to work with , as the direction of the film leads nowhere .
The fight scenes are unbelievably amateurish .
There 's barely one weak laugh in this whole incredibly stupid picture .
The end result is endless zoom ins on poorly done gore , and even more poorly produced metal plays over it .
What we end up with is a dull , uninvolving film with a terrible script and indefinsibly bad and clichéd acting .
Now , if that was not laughable enough , stay tuned .
I have no idea , because this film made no sense and is too predictable and insulting to true fans of horror .
First off , the plot is ridiculous .
The film therefore becomes extremely boring and predictable .
The acting can be said to be mediocre .
I think this movie was not disturbing , but very disappointing .
I can not stress how awful this is .
The acting was incredibly awful and same to the camera shots .
The cinematography looks nice , but that 's not enough to save this tripe .
Maybe younger directors should make the move .
Maybe younger directors should make the move .
The acting is for the most part , awful .
This film is so bad and gets worse in every imaginable fashion .
This film is so bad and gets worse in every imaginable fashion .
It was a bad premise to begin with , first pregnant male , but then they tried to make it a spoof .
Steer clear , it 's a waste of time .
It is a total waste of good celluloid .
Do not bother unless you 're really desperate .
Not even they can save this completely over acted melodrama .
The camera never screens of , because there is nothing to screen of .
The characters have motivations that make them really annoying or repulsive .
I thought the idea had merit , but the music was absolutely awful and the story was not much better .
Words can hardly express my disappointment .
There 's nothing else to say really , this film is a failure on every level .
This would not have been a problem , except for one thing .
However , the blatant stupidity of its premise is all the movie really has going for it .
I had to use fast forward not to fell to sleep .
Some of this was on purpose , but much of it was just needlessly confusing , monotonous , and poorly focused .
This one is boring , meandering , cheap , racist .... you get the picture .
This is nothing more than a poorly plotted excuse to show some pretty misogynistic violence to women .
This was basically a one woman show .
I have never seen anything as awful as this movie for quite some time .
The acting was okay , but the filming was terrible .
Unfortunately , the lack of inspiration is likely to make the viewer laugh at the supposed scares on the screen .
Thus , his characters are boring , lifeless second generation clichés .
A few scenes are ok , but in whole it 's a mess .
The plot for this film is ridiculous .
The story is just plain stupid and extremely cliché .
It 's an exceptionally weak story , basically no story or plot at all .
It 's an exceptionally weak story , basically no story or plot at all .
This is a movie that was made for the money and nothing else .
The scenes are slow , feel slow , look poorly shot , and barely ever move from an anchored position .
Well , the plot was boring and there nothing really special about it .
The special effects were just laughable in the first movie and they do not get any better in this one .
Perversely , the film makers save the worst for last .
So very terribly dull that this seems impossible .
I feel compelled to write this report to warn others not to waste their time watching this crap .
This has to be one of the worst new shows .
This movie will surely bore you as well ... avoid at all costs .
The ending comes all in a rush and is truly awful .
It fails to end the film on the proper note .
It was more annoying than confusing or blatant .
This film is massively boring and pretentious .
It is slow , boring and bordering on pointless .
The dialog is worse than embarrassing .
And usually he ends up with badly acted scenes that fail to grab the viewer .
What follows is a huge disappointment .
It felt too long and all in all just plain weak .
It is a weak script , with no real characters .
To put it in a nutshell , a major disappointment .
And , if we are able to save , even a small amount of money , we will have money for a rainy day .
Do not watch this film , it is a pure waste of time .
All in all , a bland piece of crap .
There is not even the slightest attempt to explain any of these extraordinarily unlikely coincidences .
There is absolutely anything remotely interesting about the power rangers .
This one has basically no positive aspect to it and is third or fourth rate , maybe worse .
Every possible line in the movie was unoriginal , cliché , or just plain stupid .
Almost all rate this movie poorly and expose the shallow and manipulative tissue it is based on .
There is no other way to describe the film except boring .
The acting is abysmal , the action is slow and the climax is laughable .
The actors seemed stiff and uninspired , as was the dialogue .
Do not waste time on even thinking to do something with this movie besides leaving it where it already is .
I could not believe this terrible movie was actually made at all .
I 'm a movie fanatic , and have seen terrible movies , but there was literally nothing redeeming here .
In such movies , the biggest problem is that the script is seems to make the viewer feel less intelligent .
The shocking back drop dog fight scenes are laughable .
Ten to fifteen minutes of nothing happening really ruined any pacing the movie may have had going for it .
There just is nothing here whatsoever .
Simply put , this is the worst movie since
An interesting idea that falls apart due to poor execution .
This is a clear example of poor character development .
And that would be on a boring night at the house .
Aggravating this problem is the horrible , horrible dialogue .
Joe as a performer is far from the worst thing about this .
This movie has got to be the worst of the tremors by far .
I guess the incessant cigarette smoking was supposed to speak for them .
The acting is terrible , even worse than in third class soap operas .
And that awful song at the end is grating .
I generally avoid the crappy ones , but got sucked into this one .
The worst part is that some people seemed to love this movie .
Other than that , it was a bunch of gore and some poorly animated snakes .
Here , she is just annoying and does not bring anything to the movie .
And yet , they can not save this movie .
The direction is poor , or perhaps better put , made to look poor .
The ending was absolutely horrible .
The acting is beyond bad and all the lines are lousy clichés .
The storyline lacks the least bit of logic and the dialogue often does not make the slightest sense .
The plot was incoherent , and the characters were a group of people about whom it was impossible to care .
However , the story was so very slow and boring .
There is an awful lot wrong with this picture , beginning with a script that is both obvious and redundant .
This movie was yet another waste of time ...
When someone else tries , they 're not playing a character , they are modeling a recognizable actor .
This was a boring , pointless exercise designed to shock .
Lee clone , the film kills that one off and has us follow another one thirty minutes into the story .
In all it 's just crude , badly animated , even more badly written and not worth wasting the time to view .
Sounds good but unfortunately nothing is up to par .
The worst parts were , well , just about everything else .
Cheesy dialogue , crappy violence , poor excuses of characters .
But for your own sake , save yourself the time and avoid this abhorrence .
I 'm sorry to say this , but the acting in this film is horrible .
They are loud , annoying , and constant .
The main character is unbelievably annoying and it s not believable in any way .
I can find virtually nothing positive to say about this film .
Not a good film at all , but not among the worst films of all time either .
Do not expect much here , the worst of the series so far .
And if it was not bad enough , they had to sink it even further with that awful reggae music .
Firstly the entire plot is ridiculous and nonsensical .
Together with the other not so interesting characters and the poor storyline the whole movie becomes predictable .
This movie is just horrible from the start .
I think he comes out better from this mess than anyone else does .
Oh , those horrible , wretched voices .
He tries getting out of the contract and horrible , painfully unfunny gags ensue .
This movie was extremely poorly conceived from every angle except technological .
From beginning to end , it 's filled with bad acting and even worse direction and editing .
This movie is most possibly the worst movie
Nothing against low budget movies , but this movie has horrible acting and directing .
The women did well enough with a poor script .
The stories are neither clever , scary or have any sort of tension or build up to anything .
For one thing , the acting is horrible .
The two main characters in the movie were very boring and their dialog was uninteresting .
If you get into the story and direction , then it gets even worse .
The characters are some of the worst actors ever to be put on film .
Well this was not one of them , it just plain sucked .
Watchable nonsense , but at the same time extremely forgettable .
But with all the talent in the world , there is no way one could save this trash .
I felt the film 's biggest problem was its lack of a main plot .
Sadly none of the actors can help this hopelessly misguided film from being forgettable .
This project was the worst film in movie making history .
But it grows boring and terribly predictable after the interesting start .
If you rent this movie you will waste your money .
This was poor character development .
Sexuality of women is just hype in this case and has nothing to do with the actuality .
The plot is not even the worst part of this movie ..... its the acting , camera work , lighting , and sound .
The actors did pretty well , but it was not up to them save this bunch of crap .
Maybe it is just a bunch of poorly acted scenes taped together .
Halestorm is getting worse and worse with every new entry .
Too bad his acting did nothing for me .
This was far and away the worst movie i 've ever seen in my entire life .
The bad news is it 's still really dreadful .
Probably one of the worst scripts ever made .
I do not think you can get much worse then this .
I as just hoping that this movie would be all right .
If it were not so unpleasant it would be ridiculous .
Not to mention the actress playing the victim might be one of the worst in history .
It is a shame that they wasted their time and gifts making this mess of a movie .
Watch it only if there 's absolutely nothing else to do .
Or worst , however you choose to look at it .
Watching this movie felt like a waste of time .
Do not waste money or time on this film , go see your grandma or something worthwhile instead .
The acting is mediocre and the climax is silly .
The daughter characters were silly and uninteresting .
The writing in this film is absolutely terrible .
The fist of his stupid lame stories must be the worst in history .
Do not waste your time with this misfire .
Unfortunately , this movie just was not enough for him .
I have not seen a movie so poorly acted in a long time .
I could care less who was on the screen in this film .
They are just all around terrible , terrible movies .
The movie was so disappointing to me .
The acting , directing , cinematography , and storyline were all horrible .
There was such a waste of performance by some of the very good actors .
Instead , there was a stupid plot about mind control and so many flat , unfunny moments .
I did not find anything redeeming about this movie other than some of the attractive women .
The acting and the story was just terrible .
The script and dialogues are poorly written , the direction is lacklustre and the acting borders on hammy .
Do not ever watch this , not even when your bored .
A complete , utter , annoying , total dud .
I do not blame her for not being involved with this mess .
Nothing even remotely interesting ever happens .
Mildly amusing in it 's ineptitude at best and severely retarded at it 's worst .
One can only wonder why this is considered being one of the highlights of her lame career .
Unfortunately it goes downhill from there .
I mean , there 's nothing redeeming about this film .
Repetitive music , annoying narration , terrible cinematography effects .
In a strange way it is actually quite funny , simply because it tries to be serious and fails so badly .
In the end , the cinematography could not save this movie .
There is nothing here of value at all .
The problem is that how the script moves the characters around is awful .
If you avoid one film this year .... let it be
The acting is bad , the plot is stupid , and the script is pathetically unfunny .
Any one who saw the original would have to go out and destroy this dreadful remake .
Nothing that comes out of anyone 's mouth seems remotely believable .
The acting is wooden and stiff and the writing is just so cliché , but not at all in a good way .
I saw this obvious schlock fest on a video store shelf .
It was not bad enough to turn off , but it had some bad moments and some terrible stereotyping .
It 's one thing if that had been an original film that was the director 's first and sucked .
It was not his acting though , that was alright , but the script just did not make any sense .
Basically , if you have nothing to do some night or just ca not sleep medication works much better .
This movie is not only poorly scripted and directed but is simply distasteful .
This is just a pointless horrible piece that should have never made it to theaters .
Absolutely the worst group of actors and actresses ever assembled .
Other than that , the rest of the film is just boring to watch .
Horrible acting , horrible cast and cheap props .
This films flat out sucks , there 's no way around it , do not waste your time .
It is not scary or interesting , but it 's dull , cheesy and stupid .
I should have done the same instead of wasting my time ...
The plot is laughable , the acting is poor at best , the story ...
Three songs from the play remain , and are done very poorly .
Basically this movie is one big joke ... and that 's about all that saves it .
Unfortunately he is very bad in the film .
It was boring , pointless , and nearly death free .
It s a waste of time , the plot is predictable , as are the romantic scenes .
It did not seem so awful in this movie .
This is probably one of the worst movies ever made .
I found the characters mediocre and the story uninteresting .
Pitiful acting , awful dialog , ugly native girls .
The inbetween stuff , which would be the movie , is just boring images and a waste of time .
No matter how you look at this movie , it is just awful .
Every attempt at destroying the missile fails .
Only just an unbelievable silly idiotic movie .
The writing is just bloody awful , and the actors can not be faulted for the terrible things they have to say .
If you have not seen this movie do not waste your time watching it .
A waste of my money although i found entertaining to begin with its gets annoying after a few watches .
Seriously , this one is a complete waste of time .
Yellow is a risible and pretentious steaming pile .
The progression of the movie bored me and the storyline was very weak .
There are no bloodsuckers for miles around and whats even worse there are no dances , not one .
First off the whole movie consists of terrible dialogue and god awful special affects .
The storyline is just horrible , and so is the acting .
In other words , do not waste your time watching this .
There is not one single positive thing about this piece of garbage .
The production is poor , the special effects are terrible .
Aside from the names of some of the victims , nothing else much was correct .
There is no hidden meaning anywhere in this poorly made film .
The script , acting , sound , and directing are so bad that it is virtually unwatchable .
They would 've at least have put half of a thought into the dreadful script .
The rest of the film is bland and uninspired .
Or , if you have absolutely nothing better to do .
This movie is not terrible , really .
Lee is basically passable as a martial arts artist ... as the lead , he 's awful .
With one exception , the acting is horrible .
A mostly uninteresting and forgettable , but not awful , and sometimes entertaining , rendition of the tale .
Too bad that were in a film that had nothing to say .
But , save this one for a rainy day .
Tragic , what an awful thing to do to a movie with such potential .
The main character wanders back to her vehicle covered in fake blood , as if nothing horrible had happened .
The plot has been worked out in the worst possible way .
Oh yeah and the cat seemed to live for a long time , not sure how that was possible .
This movie has nothing positive about it .
Unfortunately , her role required no .
This giant mess tries to be funny and exciting but is just a shambles .
As i said , one of the worst movies i have ever seen ...
Some of them really do have it coming , even if it was a painful , horrible death .
The script was lame , for the most part the acting was lame , this movie was lame .
Not unless the director meant to do so through the utter tedium and vacuousness of his work .
It is , however , not boring rubbish .
From this point on it is bad acting big boobs , the occasional bucket of blood and poorly done death scenes .
All in all , the movie itself is more boring than pathetic .
And if you 're looking for the nudity , do not waste your time with these not so hot actors .
That one was only a little disappointing .
The only thing worse may be the wretched screenplay .
Simplistic , idealistic , and just plain lame .
Really , though , do not waste your time with this .
In fact , she 's really quite awful .
The whole plot of this movie is ridiculous and unrealistic .
It would be hard to imagine a worse director .
This was a waste of two hours of my life .
To my disappointment , this turned into more of a comedy than a horror .
This was an absolutely terrible movie .
Ugly flesh , unpleasant people and a movie that goes on way too long without really making a point ...
Save your money and see something else .
The only mystery here is why would anybody make such a poorly constructed movie .
The jokes are lame as ... and the plot is ridiculous .
The child actors in the movie are just unfunny .
Whatever money was spent on making this movie was a shameful waste .
There 's not a single good line or character in the whole mess .
I found the writing in this movie absolutely terrible .
The acting is dull and you do not feel or care for anyone .
It is nothing less than a complete and utter disgrace ...
As if that were not bad enough , this film is very dated and boring .
Clichés , crap characters , witless plotting , a dull ghost , ho hum .
It 's boring , and not much blood for a horror film .
If you prefer your comedy with a few brain cells then just avoid this .
Laughable dialogue and characters keep it from being truly boring .
It was a sad , pathetic attempt by a man to write and direct a chick flick , and it failed miserably .
The editing is simply dreadful and times and it becomes even laughable bad in certain sequences .
I doubt that any script doctor in the world could save it .
The actors were awful , the plot faded fast , filming left to much work to be done .
Low budget , not funny , lousy script .
Trying to pretend that women and men are basically the same is an insult to everyone 's intelligence .
It was a complete waste of my time .
Save your time , do something else .
But this mess was a total mistake in every way possible .
The acting is uniformly dull , the script uninspired .
This movie was probably the biggest waste of my life ever .
I beg you , do not even waste your time .
What is the worst is the fact that this movie is racist .
Oh yes , and chemical waste disposal in caves seems to be a bad thing .
Unfortunately this year 's repertoire is very weak .
The worst part of all is none of it is shown in an interesting or dynamic way , or looks remotely real .
Sorry but this movie was a total waste of my time , my money and my being .
I do not know if it was his poor acting or simply a bad script , but would say it was both .
My advice would be to avoid this flick .
That 's just one of many really goofy moments in the idiotic mess .
It was laughable , ludicrous , sophomoric , and stupid .
There 's nothing credible in this crap .
The dialog unfortunately lacks such grace .
To sum it up , a terrible film , very disappointing .
Unfortunately , this movie is so bad .
I 'm not sure if this movie was written poorly or if some crazed editor cut the thing to shreds .
I do not know what else to say about this horrible movie that has not already been said .
Casting was awful for a few reasons .
The actors a poor , the direction is weak and the plot is non existent .
Skip this film and read the book instead .
This was probably the worst movie ever , seriously .
Too bad they did not have better material to work with .
The acting was absolutely dreadful .
It is a stupid mess with no sense of dignity or class .
Unoriginal plot , poor acting and a predictable ending are a few of the elements that follow .
However in the end the film fails to impress .
Awful and terrible is what describes this direct to video sequel .
The only thing worse is the film itself .
Basically the movie is cliché after cliché and really nothing ever comes as a surprise .
The film is idiotic and a waste of time .
The script is truly inane , and the acting is even worse .
It turned out to be an unfortunate waste of effort by many really talented people .
I mean when it started i was like yeah this looks good and then after it was so boring .
I found it boring , gross , and ridiculous .
The concept is not bad , but it still turns out awful .
The director simply lacks the ability to build real tension .
Unfortunately the rest of the cast ranges from bad to mediocre .
It starts with some what of a plot , then fades fast to nothing .
Best to avoid unless you 're desperate or you lost the remote and you 're too lazy to change the channel .
Worst of all , it is arguably racist , as all the characters play up to bad stereotypes .
I am an avid watcher of bad cinema .
I feel sorry for the actors that had to put up with such a poor script .
It 's an interesting , and promising premise , but unfortunately , it fails to deploy .
The story is so laughable that it 's pathetic .
The answer , unfortunately , was not much , if anything .
It is a complete waste of your time .
The kids in this movie are all right , somewhere in between the lines of dull and annoying .
That was as boring as this description of how boring it is .
Absolutely horrible movie with no movie plot , does not make sense of what is happening .
Do not read this , if you think about watching that movie , although it would be a waste of time .
The acting was barely there and the direction was uninspired .
The story is bad , the acting is , if possible , even worse .
However , this is actually a waste of time .
It is really lame and embarrassing .
This is the worst by far , no contest .
In the former , because he commits mistakes that even a first grade film student would wisely avoid .
And then it commits the worst sin of all .
This movie does not have any idea in it , actors and filming is just terrible .
As most have already said , there was hardly any script and the acting was weak .
Anyone who has a shred of respect for films , should avoid seeing this movie at all costs .
If they 'd tried to be believable , the film would 've been even worse .
The acting was terrible , the direction was poor , and it travelled way too fast .
After all , it 's obvious to anyone who is not severely brain injured that the film would be horrible .
The sets are laughable , the effects so bad that they are not even laughable , and the acting farcical .
The production looks engaging , but the story fails to engage .
The characters are poorly written and acted .
As far as acting is concerned , well , all the players act very poorly .
The biggest problem here , of course , is that there is little to nothing original about this film .
The acting was okay , but nothing to write home about .
Well , if being so stupidly annoying and unfunny is a reason , then this film is it .
Even though he is good as the main villain , you do not want to waste your time .
It 's a good thing this turkey was shot on video because otherwise what a waste of expensive film it would be .
If you do buy this , you 're really in for a disappointment , do yourself a favour and avoid it like the plague .
There are other painful anachronisms but this was the worst .
In addition it was annoying and boring and that 's being kind .
Do not waste your time even renting this one .
Slow does not make the movie bad , it was just bad .
Slow does not make the movie bad , it was just bad .
There is just nothing clever or funny about the film except for the premise .
The acting is horrible all around , the dialog is horrible , the script , the direction .
Reed looks good but fails to convince as the woman in peril .
Basically an okay watch is you 're up for something cheesy , even if it is just for the chestburster scene .
I believe that art is something that should not be boring .
I somehow get sucked into really bad movies .
This movie was not awful but it was not very good .
There is sort of a confrontation in the end , but it 's a big disappointment .
Other than that , it was a complete waste of time .
Unfortunately the director has been unable to translate the book to the screen .
This movie is literally the worst movie of all time .
The acting was atrocious and the plot was ridiculous .
Azaria 's accent is not only stupid , it 's terribly unfunny .
There is nothing positive to say about this film .
It starts badly and then it 's all downhill from there .
Bad acting , bad music , bad screenplay , bad editing , bad direction and a bad idea .
First off , the acting is worse than pitiful .
It is that they are unlikeable and we do not care for them at all .
It 's hard to decide if the script is worse than the acting or whether the directing is worse than both .
Do not get me wrong , the film is not terrible , it just seems to get tedious at times .
But as far as bad movies are concerned , this just is not one of them .
Not to mention being boring , it is entirely unbelievable .
Save yourself a horrible movie experience .
I 've always considered them irritating , stupid and boring .
The bad one is truly bad , in fact it 's the worst .
It 's not the acting or the direction that 's poor .
As for the films conclusion i found it predictable , embarrassing , exploitative and mildly offensive .
Not only is the writing atrocious and the jokes awful , but the camera work and film quality are amateur at best .
The production was horribly disjointed and the cinematography nothing to write home about .
The actors were very good but it was such a waste of talent .
This movie is bad from beginning to end and not particularly worse or better in any part .
The acting is poor , the sounds is terrible and the fights are ridiculously unbelievable .
This movie is the worst movie i have ever seen ...
This is probably one of the worst films i have ever seen .
Overall it is a terrible waste of time .
All the actors were tone deaf and the director did not have the slightest idea what he was doing .
I could have looked past that if the story was not so lousy .
This movie is unbelievably ridiculous .
Do not waste your time with this flick .
The acting was terrible and the plot ludicrous .
Very often it all goes badly wrong due to incompetent acting or a horrible script .
Direction , script , and editing is pretty lousy .
Wonder what was the director thinking .
This is not her worst movie though .
But that was not enough to save it .
There is virtually no time ' wasted ' on plot , character development , or boring old reality .
Not to mention that the writing was horrible .
The plot in the film is unbelievably boring and goes virtually nowhere throughout the film .
The script is by far the worst aspect of the film .
Largely a point and shoot affair with a group of actors in it for a paycheck .
A somewhat promising concept , but poorly executed and weak in nearly every way .
Die is one awful piece of film that stinks from the opening credits .
The concept was not too bad , but it was poorly executed .
It was not notable enough to be truly horrible , it was just incredibly lame .
There is no storyline , plots disappear , and the editing is awful .
What plot there is simply gets lost in the production mess .
The acting was good , but that can not save lack of story .
The animation is awful and the dialog is terrible .
It meant nothing to me , which in my eyes is the worst one can say about a movie .
From then on the film is mostly boring .
I blame this on poor screenplay and direction .
I 'm not sure he could make a movie any worse than this .
I did not hate it , but what a disappointment .
Potentially offensive and just downright lame .
The acting , as done by a bunch of no names , ranges from poor to atrocious .
It would be bad enough if all that was required by the script was a change to white chicks .
But worst of all was the way the plot evolved .
That 's basically all the plot that this movie has .
It was painful to watch a plain actress through out the film with her dull performance .
Wow , what a waste of acting talent .
Maybe the answers are in the boring script .
It is very boring and uninteresting .
I simply can not believe the stupidity of this movie .
Please do not waste your time watching it .
She is uninteresting and boring to watch .
The acting was abysmal and the casting was even worse .
The special effects for example laughable decapitated head are truly awful .
Extremely boring , and very predictable .
Nothing about this film worked , absolutely nothing .
Just do yourself a favor and avoid this movie .
That is a movie is supposed to be ' complete ' and without too long passages of boredom or waste of time .
Poor effort by writer and director .
Do yourself a favor and save your money on this one .
Basically , not much could save this little ill fated dub , which is very unfortunate considering its potential .
This series just gets worse and worse .
You can waste your time doing something else .
Do not even waste time renting this .
The people behind this waste of time and money should be ashamed of themselves .
It 's pitiful and without doubt the worst movie of all time .
There is nothing redeeming about this movie .
The final confrontation is a big disappointment and nothing is really explained during the film .
But if shoddy movies is not your thing , then avoid it .
The film is severely awful and is demeaning to rape victims .
No plot , crappy acting , and pointless gore ....
The story did not seem terrible , just blatantly ripped off .
It is such a waste of their talents .
The film basically just plods along for eighty five minutes and there really are not many scenes of interest .
It 's kind of a crappy cop drama with the world 's worst looking werewolf in it .
Do yourself a favor and avoid this garbage .
Save your money , save your time , choose another movie .
Bad acting , bad special effects , bad plot and poor character development .
This was an insipid , uninspired and embarrassing film .
The editing did not help this mess at all .
Everything was just so pointless and lame and pointless ... and random .... and lame .
Sadly , the script is so bad that none of the actors or all of them combined can make up for the bad story .
To make matters worse , the movie is either silly or stupid when it tries to be funny , sexy , or dramatic .
It was a technically poorly made movie .
There is absolutely no plot in this movie ... no character development ... no climax ... nothing .
Unfortunately , it went too far and made the whole story not just unreasonable , but ridiculous .
Do not see this movie , this is a complete waste of time .
I could go on forever and not do justice to all the flaws and shortcomings of this truly awful waste of film .
The script is terrible , the acting mediocre at best , and the direction unimpressive .
The premise was not uninteresting , but the movie starts and ends there .
Lousy acting , lousy script and a big science fiction .
Secondly , the whole production of this movie was a mess .
This is the worst film i have seen in a long time .
And , unfortunately , that 's not it 's only problem .
Oh dear , this movie was bad for various reasons .
Here the director or writers try to rehash the idea , but it fails miserably .
The worst is that no effort at all is given to making it walk or look like it is alive .
A total waste of even digital film .
What seemed as a good premise for a movie ... unfortunately it fails to deliver on nearly every level .
I could not have been more disappointed by this move .
Not the worst movie ever made , but not all that good , either .
Thought maybe the production value was crap for some important reason ... no .. it just sucked .
Things can only get more worse , unfortunately .
Do not waste your money , rent or buy something better .
This was a real big mess that just could not help itself .
Yes , the storyline has potential but the dialogs are flat , the actors unconvincing .
The writing was trite , the pace was slow and disjointed and the characters were boring .
Terrible acting , terrible plot , terrible effects .
Either she was poorly served by the cinema or she had no talent at all .
Please do not waste your money on this so called film .
This movie was so bad it was laughable .
I did not think it was possible for an already lame movie to be worse , but it was .
Yeah , the plot is bad , really really bad .
The acting was not horrible but nothing to rave about .
The action could have saved this film , but it 's even worse than the storyline and acting .
I am at a loss to see why anyone would have enjoyed this movie , it is slow , dull and has no real plot .
Terrible acting , bad dialogue , cheap rubber monsters .
Both of the films are absurd with poorly written characters and bad voices .
This lame attempt at a comedy has nothing to recommend it .
The scenes were unrealistic , there was no script and no plot .
Unfortunately , this is not one of them .
It 's painfully obvious that this movie was supposed to have a different storyline .
There is nothing whatsoever redeeming about this movie , unless you like mindless gore .
This movie is a waste of film stock .
Seriously , do not waste your time with this one .
This movie is really dreadful and totally lame .
The scenes that were supposed to be funny came off more annoying than amusing .
The plot is stupid , the acting is mediocre and the film is deadly dull .
The writing and acting is so poor in this film at times it is laughable .
They 're overplayed to the point of no longer being funny , just annoying .
Why did they have to mess with a good thing .
It 's so lame it even gets boring , and really quick too .
But this film proved to be a disappointment .
The plot goes nowhere and fails at really showing any interesting point .
Sorry to say but do not even bother you will waste time and money .
And the poor attempt at character development and writing just hurts it more .
The actors try but are defeated by the inept , unbelievably terrible script .
I , myself , do not mind a fair amount of cheese , but this was ridiculous .
Basically it s just a bad low budget horror movie .
The script is tedious , and the acting is poor , particularly the leads .
Horrible acting , horrible directing , horrible writing , horrible everything ...
Then just as my life seemed very dull the main star went outside the wire to hunt someone down .
I 'm sorry but this is just plain pathetic .
Otherwise , it 's rather dull and boring .
Secondly , the movie is slow and boring .
Trying to build too much with very little , this film and its evil predictable villain is just lame .
Aside from being a below average actress and not particularly attractive , her voice is absolutely annoying .
It seems as if someone just threw a bunch of scenes together and forgot that there was supposed to be a plot .
I even a few moments wonder if they 're even using a script .
It is unbelievable that a script as cliché and completely absurd could make any screen even the small one .
Unfortunately the message is lost in the mess .
The story was awful , the characters were very one dimensional .
But there is really nothing wrong with a laughable western like this .
The viewer can only fear the worst .
Bad is actually better than boring .
Let 's just say that it stinks worse than the rest of this movie .
It became plain after the first minute that this was an exercise in how to be as puerile and unfunny as possible .
Save yourself the time and skip this movie .
As far as the cast is concerned , they 're amateurish , but tolerable .
Unless he 's just doing it for the money .
All in all , this is just terrible .
Anyone who thinks this kind of material is funny , should not even be allowed to walk the earth .
Worst of all , the conclusion really makes the whole movie pointless .
It 's all downhill from here , unfortunately .
Plot holes , lack of character development , horrible acting , unnecessary drama , cliché moments ...
Avoid this unless you want to laugh at it .
She tries to keep the film interesting but she 's working with a weak script .
But this one comes in such an unrealistic way that it becomes ridiculous .
No one involved in the mess would ever make anything of note again .
This is without a doubt one of the worst movies
The trial scenes were boring and predictable .
The storyline is unbearable , and the acting all around is laughable .
With music you can make watchable the worst movie .
They 're not scary just mildly creepy .
Seagal is fat , lazy and could not care less about this movie .
No you would be wasting your time and money .
Do not waste your money just to laugh a couple of times .
They 're characters had nothing to do with anything .
The plot did not make a whole lot of sense and the acting was awful .
Do not waste a minute of your life watching this .
This movie is boring , and completely stupid .
The characters are dull stereotypes and nothing interesting happens .
I have not clue what went on the last couple minutes of the movie except a complete mess .
A lousy team to produce a lousy script and make some money over the actor 's name .
The direction is shoddy and the sets are awful .
This is one of the worst movies ever made .
Unfortunately , the film becomes pretty irritating fast .
The only positive thing about this trash are the sexy women .
Might be a cute family film to some but it 's my biggest movie disappointment of the year .
The poor script did not help either .
Parents , do not let your kids watch this show unless you want to save money on college .
This movie was the worst i 've ever seen .
Stay away unless you 're into bad movies .
This movie is a joke and must be one of the worst movies
I 'm not supposed to care about them .
This was a disappointing film for me .
I ca not think of any reason anyone would want to spend time with this ridiculous attempt at film making .
I found the film extremely boring and was disappointed with the acting .
The comedy goes from mildly funny to just plain stupid , but whatever .
Do not waste your brain trying to figure this out .
As for the remake , pass on this insult to the original .
But do yourself a favour , just skip this , and do not give into the hype .
After just a few minutes it really became annoying for me .
It is not a horrible film in any way , it just has nothing going for it either .
But this was a waste of time , and for the most part , predictable .
The acting is lousy and the movie is just very unwatchable .
The dialogue is of the absolute worst sort .
This movie is not only boring , it is also really badly done .
Save your time and money by not watching this movie .
Oh god , what a horrible , horrible film .
And so it goes ... insulting , boring and nonsensical .
I am quite sure that this was the worst movie ever made .
The movie is a complete waste of time .
What a waste of money considering it 's budget .
I think the biggest failing something can have is to be boring .
To sum it up , stay far away from waste of celluloid .
This movie is incredibly boring , the acting is bad and the plot does not make any sense .
I like cheesy movies but this is simply awful .
I do not think the director attended college especially if he were to make this awful mess .
You are not missing anything and will only waste two hours of your life watching this drivel .
It was terrible , the lighting was just plain bad .
It was a waste of money time and air .
But not for horror , more for the horrible attempt .
The film is painfully slow and dull .
This is surely one of the worst films ever made .
Worse there is not even enough nudity to keep it interesting .
Slow , boring , extremely repetitive .
But not only is this film bad in artistic value , it 's incredibly boring .
The new material is unbelievably amateurish but not in an amusingly inept way , simply incredibly tedious .
I guess the writer should be given the credit for this waste of a film .
This one was a pretty big disappointment .
They should have just gone cinemax so that the movie was not a complete waste of time , but no .
If you take music remotely seriously , avoid this at all costs .
Given this terrible dialog , none of them came across looking anything but ridiculous .
The plot , action , etc. are just plain ridiculous .
But the gags are lame and the acting is horrible .
My advice is do not waste your time .
The latter just seems to be looking for a paycheck and nothing else .
A real disappointment to say the least .
Just about sums up this poor excuse for a movie .
The leading lady is such a waste of an actor .
But the way the story is told is just awful .
Look , there 's nothing spectacularly offensive about this film , it 's just boring .
This is quite possibly the worst movie of all time .
In a word , do not waste your time with this one .
Basically it 's about a bunch of rag doll robots trying to save the earth .
The movie was not scary , and not stupid so it would be funny ... it was just boring .
Even the musical numbers were handled poorly .
There is absolutely nothing redeeming about this movie .
Regardless , this is a complete mess .
Overall boring and laughable horror .
They do not get much worse than this .
Considering the potential this move had , the reality was disappointing .
Perhaps from his mouth he just vomited the worst film of all time .
This really is one of the worst movies ever made .
But , one way this movie fails is that just about every piece of each set looked cheesy and cheap .
This movie was horrible ... pretentious , had an undeniably bad script , and acting that followed suit .
No wonder his actors are so wooden .
All this really seemed random and pretty awful .
The quality of direction is very poor and some key and delicate scenes have been poorly handled .
What a waste of time , money and effort to all concerned including the audience .
This film was rather a disappointment .
The whole film does not really make any sense and all in all it was quite a disappointment .
Everything was so dark in this boring movie that it was laughable .
With action sequences so poorly staged and badly edited you can barely make coherent sense in the fight arena .
They are wooden , annoying and dumb .
I have to agree with those who found this movie to be awful .
Well , in this awful offering , they could at least count the money they saved on sets .
This was the worst film i have seen for a long time .
Though all his awful dialog he had to speak , it made me wonder why he just did not walk off the set halfway .
This movie is by far the worst movie ever made .
This thing was just a complete mess from the get go .
I only wish they 'd had a better script to work with because this really had nothing to do with the book at all .
Atrocious performances , a cliche ridden screenplay , and boring direction make this movie one to steer clear of .
Bad acting , horrible cinematography , and lame plot and some decent special effects do not make a good movie .
Either way it was a real disappointment .
Pretty lame all the way around , nothing redeeming here .
First of all the acting , and the lines are awful .
The movie is basically unwatchable .
Just a lame attempt to be shocking .
The crimes are uninteresting and bland , and it s just lame all the way .
This movie is a complete waste of time .
Unfortunately , what this film lacks in drama is compensated for by an overabundance of boredom .
I could go on like this but that to much of a waste of my time .
Though not a complete waste , this film is pretty bad and not remotely scary .
It would be boring in any other movie , but here , sadly , it was the highlight .
In summary , silly , very unrealistic and a complete waste of time .
Bad acting and an even worse screenplay stopped this film from getting off the ground .
Please avoid this movie at all costs .
The acting is all horrible , and the nudity itself is lame and nasty .
It is a huge waste of time and money .
Although , this is by far worse then any of those .
No sense of movie making , and utter disappointment in having thriller moments .
Awful musical numbers do not help any either .
Story was forgettable , the cast was used badly and what was the director thinking when he made this .
The pacing is the worst part in this movie .
Despite the mysteriously positive reviews and high rating , this is an awful movie .
The plot is lame but the kills are not too bad .
From there this movie gets worse , way worse .
But even she could not save the film from being a disaster .
This is a complete waste of your time .
This was by far the worst low budget horror movie i have ever seen .
This only made this mess all the more painful to watch .
The writing was not terrible , but it was just all over the place .
The characters are so uninteresting we could not care less for them .
Please make sure that you will not watch this movie , the acting is lame , the camera and directing awful .
The acting is awful , the sfx are poor , and the story is bland and stupid .
Just saw this movie , and what a waste of time .
Script , pacing , and direction are uniformly awful .
Sophomoric and pretentious in the worst way .
The story line is nothing to write home about , and many scenes are dull .
Apart from that the film was just a waste of time .
It was a waste of my time and money .
If you have not seen this yet , do not waste your money on tickets .
The plot is completely clichéd , the structure is laughable , and the acting is embarrassing .
This has to be one of the worst films i have seen in years .
What a waste of energy and totally pointless .
Some poorly made movies are funny because they are so bad , but this is not one of them .
But wow , this movie was absolutely awful .
At this point it was just ridiculous .
This film is an attempt at nothing .
The film was generally a disappointment .
It does not have one original idea to offer and is merely a waste of time .
This movie is pretty much plot less with a lame attempt to be abstract and off the wall .
They just had nothing to work with here .
A very lousy way to waste an evening .
This is with out a doubt the worst kind of exploitation film .
His acting was as dull and poor as the movie .
A complete waste of my time and money .
It really ca not get much worse than this awful film .
I 'm not going to waste my time writing an essay and waste your time .
But other than that , avoid at all costs .
A total waste of time , money and energy .
This was a truly awful movie but in a bad way .
It was very badly acted , the story was poorly written , the action was unbelievable .
Anyway , the film is weak and boring .
There was no need for all of that pointless hype .
Every single part of the film was awful .
Unless they were trying to make the most boring story in history , there could not be a sequel .
Bottom line is do not waste your time watching this movie .
I found the film dull , boring , and stretched out .
Here , the viewer is left with an incoherent mess that only makes much sense if one has read the book .
The attempt of it to stay comedy without any funny bits fails .
Weak plot , predictable violence , only semi interesting characters .
The transfer is awful and the quality just sucks .
That may be part of the reason for my disappointment .
Just terrible and mad shocking waste .
You have to wonder what possessed them to decide to do this awful movie .
The film is obvious and the story is not only impossible to believe but also predictable and dull .
I would not wish this movie on my worst enemy .
Getting too specific with the story would be a waste of time .
It 's not the worst of the worst but it 's pretty freaking bad .
The movie is not supposed to be funny at all , but it is just so ridiculous and it lacks any realism whatsoever .
What lacks the film is the idea , the script , sound , etc . .
This is his worst film he has ever been in .
The plot is slow , weak and the ending is so badly done .
The script is weak and has been presented badly .
If not , you should probably avoid at all costs .
I am wasting my time even writing about this film .
I just do not see why you should waste any money for a movie you could shoot with your dad 's camcorder .
The only thing it is good for is giving to your worst enemy .
The film direction the worst that we 've seen .
Sure there was a scene or two with nudity , but that could not save this movie from it 's lifeless characters .
Unfortunately the film was utterly disappointing .
Save your money unless you like to sleep at the theaters .
Do not waste your time or your money .
Maybe phones just are not scary or something , but this move was dull and drab .
Do not waste your time watching this one unless that 's what you are aiming for .
Avoid unless you 're looking for a good laugh .
I would not wish this one on my worst enemy .
The characters are flat and boring with no development .
I do not care what happened to any of the characters , they were all boring and stupid .
Do not waste time and money by seeing this .
It s just really predictable and the plot is so weak .
See something else , do not waste your time here .
This is by far not one of the worst out there , still not a good movie , but not the worst nonetheless .
None of the characters are even remotely interesting and there is no reason to care about anyone .
I m still in doubt if this is just a horrible movie or the worse movie i ever saw .
So save your time , and skip this one .
Actually the story was the worst thing in that movie .
Do not waste your time or your money on this movie .
Do not waste your money or your time on this movie .
It is poorly written , the two leads are hopelessly wooden and the story itself has no interest at all .
One of the worst i 've even seen that 's for sure .
There was potential but the script fails in almost every department , wasting every actor in it .
The monster was the biggest disappointment of the movie .
Other people should stay away and not waste their time .
The actors were poor and storyline was bad .
The plot is terrible and predictable .
This was a horrible attempt at bringing this book to the screen .
This is the worst thing about this appallingly stupid film .
Not bad movie making if it were from an original script .
It was poorly cast and had horrible special effects .
The acting is one of the worst parts of the entire movie .
Do not waste your time on this dreck .
Also , the movie was poorly directed .
It is a total waste of time and money .
Besides the terrible acting the stories were boring and for the most part predictable .
The gore is laughable due to the silly unbelievable plot .
A poorly written script with no likeable characters .
The plot is ridiculous , the characters poorly developed , and the premise irritatingly stupid .
The story is just poor and so , everything fails .
It was poorly made and the actors could not act .
The characters are awful , as is the story .
These are not even guilty pleasures , they 're just a waste of celluloid that are better off forgotten .
I am sorry to fans of this film but it is the worst thing i have ever seen .
Read the book and do not waste your time with this film .
There are some other people there , who are simply too awful to write about .
Save your money , rent the original .
It is not enough to save this turkey , alas .
The characters are poorly written clichés .
Bad acting , bad writing , and poor production only begin to describe this embarrassment of a film .
I assume this is why the acting was so awful .
This is an interesting , at times embarrassing , waste of resources .
This is hands down the worst movie of all time .
For me it was a total waste of time .
This movie is awful , atrocious , and amazingly bad .
Avoid at all costs , even if you 're a fan of someone in the cast .
The whole thing is predictable , boring and not worthy of being watched .
I 'm sorry , but the worst movie sin in my book is to be slow except when the movie about philosophy .
The main character is just plain annoying and the rest just suck .
However not even he can save this film from disaster .
I would not want to waste my money on this garbage by renting it .
But there is absolutely nothing redeeming here .
The script is poorly written and the dialogue verges on just plane stupid .
It 's just boring , which even the low budget does not excuse .
I warn you not to waste your time on this disgusting excuse for a film .
And the production values are not awful .
If you enjoy the very worst of the worst , this is for you .
Not that he could go much worse from here .
Do not even waste your time watching this for free .
The acting was bad , the storyline appalling , the action horrible , and the props were okay .
Surely he could do better than waste his time in this rubbish .
No plot , bad acting , cheesy everything , it could not get any worse .
There is just nothing remotely interesting here .
Otherwise , do not waste your time .
The women then act very poorly and take their revenge .
But this is absolutely the worst show on television .
Do not waste your money or your time on this stinker .
I would not do such a thing even if someone paid me .
Shot badly , bad effects , worse acting .
Unfortunately that is the only redeeming quality of the film .
There is nothing even remotely redeeming or interesting about this show in anyway .
This is already a waste of my time .
The main villain was a joke and his character was poorly developed .
This movie is disjointed , boring , confusing and lackluster .
Script is weak but has a few good dialogs .
Maybe the worst was lost in the translation .
The parts that were supposed to be serious were somehow destroyed by the poor lack of funny comedy .
Do not waste your time watching this film .
Boring , pointless , utterly stupid horror film .
She is a really good singer , but too bad they gave her such lousy songs to sing in this movie .
People , do not waste your time on this one .
The plot is dull , uninteresting , and unbelievable .
This movie is such a waste of your time .
But he can not save the loss of intensity of the original .
It would at least have made this mess tolerable .
No one should waste their time on this film .
Unfortunately , in this film he 's given absolutely nothing .
This film has an interesting plot , but the acting is quite bad and the script is poor .
This was an atrocious waste of my time .
Anything , but do not watch this awful flick .
The whole thing 's silly in the worst possible way .
The movie is a poorly contrived and totally unbelievable piece of garbage .
This senseless mess is too dark , boring and the stupid dialogue never matches the lips .
Then the awful storyline , acting , effects , and camera work begin .
Unless you are a masochist , avoid this pile of rubbish .
I found it really boring and silly .
However the movie was just poorly written .
This movie is a mess , but at least it 's not pretentious .
The film lacks a story and interesting characters making the while thing quite dull and unnecessary .
I was so bored to dead with this pointless effort .
What little there is , is atrocious to begin with , and made much worse by the terrible video and editing .
There was not any similarity with the original characters and the stories are boring and poorly made .
Bo 's terrible acting and her husband 's horrible direction .
The worst thing about the movie is the actors .
This is by far the worst movie i have ever seen .
There is absolutely nothing even remotely entertaining about this completely awful television show .
As badly as it fails as art , it fails even worse as commerce .
Caprica is a waste of film , a waste of time and a waste of effort .
The script , the music , just about everything in this movie is a waste of time .
Do not waste your time watching this one .
Not bad in a good way but bad in a really painfully unfunny way .
Other than that , do not waste your time and money .
This movie is stupid and a complete waste of time .
No wonder they were given away , surely no one could part with money for this drivel .
And that 's a shame because it feels like a waste of production values .
The dialogue is bad , and the plot is worse .
The silly songs the cat sings were boring and monotonous , even for the children in the audience .
Slow acting , slow at getting to the point and wooden characters that just should not have been on there .
The songs are dreadful and only slow what there is of the plot down .
This is by far the worst movie ever made .
Screenplay is really bad and unfunny .
One of the worst films ever made by a male director about woman .
Do not waste your time even looking at the video box cover , let alone renting it .
That 's supposed to be suspenseful , instead it 's annoying and boring .
All in all this movie was a giant waste of time and money .
Which brings me to the biggest disappointment .
This was a terrible waste of a cinema trip .
Do not bother to waste your money on this movie .
Please do not waste money and time on this movie .
Do not waste your time with this movie .
Do not waste your time with this movie .
Do not waste your time with this movie .
Do not waste your time with this movie .
Other than that , do not even waste your time with this film .
Do not waste your time with this film .
The film lacks scares and gore , the acting is amateurish and the direction is bad .
It 's just plain ridiculous and embarrassing to watch .
The only reason we sat through this lame waste of time was that it was too late to watch another movie instead .
There was nothing about the movie that could have been done worse than it was .
This script should have been left on the shelf because yep , it 's that bad .
It 's just lame , badly made , poor looking and not exciting enough .
This just had bad acting , stupid editing , and just over all a bad idea for a story .
What was supposed to be a happy night out became a total disappointment .
Poorly directed , poorly acted , poorly edited , and the attempt at a soundtrack was hilarious .
Everything else , just waste of time and money .
Do not waste your time with this drivel .
If fails .... completely and absolutely fails .
This started with a bad premise and then just got worse .
Even if they were not such bad actors , they would not have been able to save the scene .
The performances are so terrible they are laughable .
But , nothing can turn a mindless script and terrible direction into a winner , absolutely nothing .
Nothing will ruin a movie as much as the combination of a poor script and poor direction .
A pretty dreadful mess , all in all .
This movie is a pretentious one and a waste of time .
The script is severely lacking , the plot is ridiculous , the acting astoundingly bad .
Not terrible or hateful or anything , just forgettable .
Do not waste your time watching this .
Do not waste your time watching this .
Do not waste your time watching this .
Having said this , the other traits of the film , such as acting and direction and writing , are not awful .
I 've seen hundreds of films , some of them bad , a few awful .
Do not waste your time with this one .
Do not waste your time with this one .
Bad acting , horribly awful special effects , and no budget to speak of .
Do not waste your time with this one because it 's bad .
Do not waste your time on this film .
The script is very poor with nothing special at all .
Wayans is probably one of the worst directors , i swear he has no real knowledge on how to make films .
Do not waste your time or your money on this trash .
Stupid script , bad casting , endless boredom .
Avoid this film at all costs and watch the original instead .
The editing is bad , the music is annoying , the effects are laughable , almost everything is bad about this .
If you are not , avoid this at all costs .
The acting was horrible , the effects were horrible , everything was just really bad and tasteless .
This movie was a real disappointment to me .
No , instead the acting was so awful , the jokes were extremely cheesy , and the plot was no where to be found .
The movie is boring at best , right down an embarrassment at worst .
Please , someone save me as this is really bad stuff .
I have no idea why they even made another movie it was stupid and pointless sorry to say that i have all of them .
This is just horrible , really horrible trash .
Please do not waste your time hoping that it will get better ..............
Do not even waste your time with it .
Watching this movie was a waste of time .
This is a confused and incoherent mess of interminable scenes of boring dialogues and monologues .
The script and dialogue is laughable .
This movie is really a waste of time .
Not only is the dialogue awful , it never ends .
Instead , it 's a poorly acted , witless look into low budget and uninspired film making .
Consequently watching this mess was a serious waste of my time .
The screenplay is bad , the is script mediocre , and even the sex scenes are worthless .
This movie is a boring , amateurish mess that strives for shocks but failed miserably ...
The acting performances are painfully awful .
This is one of the worst films ever .
Do not waste your time on this one .
Do not waste your time on this one .
Do not waste your time on this one .
Do not waste your time on this one .
Do not waste your time on this piece of junk .
Unless you have nothing better to do ...
This movie is a waste of time and money .
The style of the film is poor to say the least , and the plot is stupid and unbelievably weak .
Actors just do not play , the worse they do not even try .
The cast is awful and the movie drags on too long with nothing happening .
I wonder who was responsible for this mess .
This was complete waste of time and money .
This was not only laughable and but painful to watch .
What else can you say about this movie , except that it 's plain awful .
He seems so badly miscast that the casting has to be ranked as one of the worst in film history .
Do not waste your time on this piece of garbage .
I may never get over how unfunny and boring this work was .
Everything about the technical side of this film is either mediocre or just plain awful .
I was hoping that the story would somehow level out and save itself .
Do not waste your time or money on it .
Do not waste your money or time on it .
Really nothing to tell about but that it 's just horrible .
But it was terrible , awful , even pathetic is not a strong word in this case .
This movie was awful and an insult to the viewer .
Imagine , a bad movie ... with an even worst translation ...
And they made it even worst by pretending to be something else .
Every little thing in this film is either stupid , pointless , crap or embarrassing .
The script was terrible and the we were given absolutely no reason to care about the characters .
Do not waste your time , this one is just downright bad .
The script is horrible , the acting is horrible , the direction is horrible .
Save your self from stupidity and nonsense .
The ending , was just awful , very straight forward , and pointless too .
Worst of all , almost no one says anything .
Well this just maybe the worst movie ever at least the worst movie i have ever seen .
Avoid this crappy film at all costs .
Absolutely one of the worst movies of the year .
Stay away from this film , unless you are happy with the below budget horrible bad film with decent gore .
Pretty stupid and lame with a weak storyline to suffice .
The acting was laughable and the writing was embarrassing .
True enough , the script tries to do that , the director tries to do that , but the main cast fails miserably .
Absolutely one of the worst movies of all time .
The original was bad enough , the sequel was even worse .
The film is , as a whole , convoluted to the point of utter confusion , boring and laughable .
It was slow , pretentious , and boring .
Honestly this is one of the worst movies ever made .
So much seems contrived in a desperate attempt to save the film .
The main problems are with the direction , cheap budget , and poor script .
Sadly , all we have here is a mediocre film that gets worse every second .
It s not bad as such , but badly made and dull .
Please do not waste your money on this movie .
Avoid this cheap piece of trash at all costs .
It 's all a pretentious waste of film .
This show is dull , lame , and basically rips off all sorts of various things in order to make it original .
This is a terrible cliché ' ridden film with the worst acting any of these actors have ever done .
The premise is ridiculous , the characters unbelievable , the dialogue trite , and the ending absurd .
The film becomes quickly boring and forgettable and there is absolutely no suspense .
What a waste of all this acting talent .
The plot is slow , painfully boring and the film constantly feels pointless .
I guess they 're just sort of dull .
This film was a disappointment because it could have been so much better .
For those of us who have , it is just plain awful .
This had to be one of the worst films ever .
The plot was abysmal , the acting was extremely poor and the special effects were awful .
One star for this film is a ridiculous waste of a vote .
I would not waste money on this one at the theater or on video .
This has to be one of the worst movies of all time .
I do believe the director was trying to be ' shocking ' or what not , but it just came out awful .
Save your money , save your time ... do anything else ...
Please do not waste your money on this one .
The script was dreadful , the acting uninspired , and all the characters woefully insipid .
Do not waste your time unless you are in a film class and want an example of what not to do when making a movie .
This has to be some of the worst writing and directing of the entire year .
Awful character development , dialogue and plot .
This people are wasting money in terrible scripts .
This film is nothing but a major disappointment on all levels .
But to me this was a very poorly made , low budget , miscast movie .
This ' movie ' is poorly made , and poorly done .
Avoid unless you are a true masochist or are amused by poorly made horror movies .
But she could not even save this utter joke of a film .
Other than the laughable screenplay , it is not poor .
The performances are okay , given the awful script .
Just like everybody else have said , the acting is awful , no story or whatsoever , poor directing .
Whatever acting talent there may be here has been thrown away on a bad script , and truly awful direction .
It was completely predictable , trite and boring .
The script is poor and acting is bad .
It s wrong , stupid , unrealistic , awful , and just about everything else .
Avoid this one , unless you want to watch an expensive but badly made movie .
The movie was a huge disappointment .
I have nothing more to say about this waste of celluloid .
The script was weak , the acting was painful .
Otherwise , do not waste your time or money on this .
Do not waste your time or money on this movie .
Avoid this waste of celluloid at all costs , it is rambling and incoherent .
Too bad the rest of the movie is such a waste .
We could not care less as the characters are all boring , vapid , and extremely horribly acted .
Do not waste your time or money on this film .
Do not waste your time , money , energy or anything else on this movie .
Not an original idea and not a very good movie with lousy acting , inane dialogue and a ridiculous plot .
If this movie were not so bad it would be laughable , but there 's nothing funny about it .
But honestly , this movie was just horrible .
All in all , t 's just plain boring .
Do not waste your time or money on this piece of over hyped trash .
Do not waste your time , this is painful .
It is the worst film ever because he 's supposed to be a good director .
Do not waste your time or money on this one .
Do not waste your time or money on this one .
But the really awful part of the movie is the dialogs .
See this film only if you wish to be bored by tasteless , dull , repetitive material .
Unfortunately , nothing else in this film is any better .
Boring and sick with a stupid plot , pointless nudity and bad gore .
The stories are almost completely forgettable except for the fact that most of them were awful .
Bad script , bad characters , bad acting , worse directing .
Do not waste your time or money with this .
This is just an awful film , end of story .
Unfortunately , the effects are laughable .
But no such event took place in the many following boring minutes of this pathetic attempt of a film .
The screenplay is painfully bad and the acting of the two leads poorly directed .
Do not waste your time watching this ugly excuse for a movie .
Avoid this lifeless film at all costs .
I just ... think the script had potential , but the execution turned it into a cliché , and an awful one at that .
This movie is silly , boring , poorly filmed , unimaginative , and most of all , unscary .
The storyline were either too boring or predictable .
In the end , it was laughable at best , painful at worst .
However the movie itself was poorly made and the acting was terrible .
This was most boring and disappointing .
This is a terrible movie , terrible script , bad direction and nonsensical ending .
I found this to be an utter waste of time , effort and money .
The other jokes are either poorly carried out or simply plain unfunny .
Just do not waste your time watching this .
Oh , and even if you do , avoid it at all costs .
I believe the worst thing you can ever say about a comedy is that it is boring .
I would not waste your time on this .
All the rest fails so badly , it 's embarrassing .
This movie without a plot , acting or script is a waste of time and money .
This movie without a plot , acting or script is a waste of time and money .
Believe me this movie is just a waste of time .
In fact , it looks absolutely awful .
Save yourself , and avoid this hideous mess .
Besides being poorly written , it was boring .
This was a complete disappointment .
Surely this film is a waste of the money used to create it , and a waste of anyone 's time watching it .
Skip this movie ... it 's a waste of time .
It was unfortunately a waste of my time , and certainly a waste of my money .
They are the lame sort of predictable jokes that your unfunny friend would say .
Just looking at the cover is a waste of time .
A long list of stars can not save this turkey , surely one of the worst movies ever .
The only reason i watched this was because i was really bored and nothing else was on .
What a disappointment this movie was .
Do yourself a favor and save the worst for last .
Do not waste your money on this movie .
Do not waste your money on this film .
Blame it on the poor plot and even worse pacing .
The acting is horrible , the characters are worse and the film is just a piece of trash .
The result is an unoriginal , uninspired , unbelievable waste of film stock .
It 's a shame the production company did not save its money .
This sludge looks awful , is awful , and whoever made it should feel awful .
Utter drivel , and a sad waste of a potentially interesting material .
All of the other characters are a disappointment .
This was a complete disappointment to me .
Avoid this movie at all costs , it is terrible .
Instead now we have a movie that fails to impress in basically every way imaginable .
Do not waste your money on this one .
An awful film with only the music as a redeeming quality .
The characters were boring and the dialog was awful .
It is terrible to the point of being laughable .
The music there was was annoying , and boring .
All in all , do not waste your money on this garbage .
The movie was not only bad , but down right horrible and of no redeeming quality .
By the end it 's so pointless , and though unfunny , the premise is laughable .
The movie was boring , long long and awful plot .
Honestly , the very worst movie of all time .
If you want to avoid wasting your time and money , steer clear of this junk .
This one was awful , but it really should not have been .
But the worst point of all , is the story .
This is a painfully boring film that has little or nothing in the way of interest .
It is , in fact , nothing ... except a waste of time and money .
On top of all the horrible writing and acting and illogical and stupid plot , it s just a poorly made film .
Make no mistake this film is awful .
But , his is not the worst accent in the movie .
Special effects are laughable , all actors are ludicrous and the ending is simply awful .
By far the worst movie of all time .
Please , respect your intelligence and do not watch this awful , awful film .
He was boring , and she was annoying .
In between an awful storyline , the action and songs were only mediocre .
The cinematography is just plain awful .
This movie just seemed boring and pretentious to me .
It 's awful , horrible and surely not funny at all .
Do not waste any money on this movie .
But it was just too plain boring , stupid , uninteresting and unnecessary .
This show is terrible , the jokes are all terrible and just getting worse and worse .
The pacing was slow and off , the script was horrible , and the acting was extremely uninspired .
The premise of this movie was decent enough , but with sub par acting , it was just bland and dull .
If you are bored looking for a bad horror movie to rent , skip this one .
There is not a word to describe just how awful .... not awful ...
Do not waste your time or money on this turkey .
But , aside from the terrible writing , the movie is also poorly directed and the acting is terrible .
This film can not even be said to be bad for it is sadly , just painfully mediocre .
This movie was poorly written , poorly acted and very predictable .
This is just a huge disappointment .
Otherwise , this script is just a mess .
Unfortunately , he has managed to make a disappointing and ultimately boring remake .
This was in short a terrible disappointment .
I wonder if any film could be worse than this one .
The idea just was not all that original , the movie is waste of time .
Unfortunately , the rest of the film is a bore and suffers from horrendous acting and boring , boring pacing .
A waste of money , a waste of celluloid .
Terrible acting , lame plot , stupid story and just all around terrible movie sums up this piece of junk .
Best avoid unless your bored of watching paint dry .
It is dull , lifeless , poorly acted , and poorly scripted .
The whole movie was poorly written , poorly directed , and poorly acted .
It was unbelievably predictable and just plain unfunny .
Do not waste your time even thinking about this attempt at acting .
I guess the acting is not all that bad , but the plot lacks anything even remotely close to interesting .
I have nothing more to say but it was awful .
But nothing on earth can save you if you script is bland .
This move was slow , boring , unrealistic and the plot made no sense .
Terrible acting , very boring plot and terrible direction .
It is horrible and a waste of time .
Musical numbers are awful , and comedy is absolutely boring and stupid .
I honestly can not think of a single positive thing to say about this waste of time .
Oh my , where to start ... this movie was just awful .
The plot is awful , the comedy is awful .
Awful story and terrible performance .
The characters are poorly written and dull , uninteresting .
The worst point of this movie is the plot .
I was disappointed in the lousy editing and lame script .
This is a long , boring , sad waste of time .
It was a poorly directed , horribly written and acted mess .
This movie is truly an awful waste of time .
And it 's a horrible waste of talent .
That s how awful this poor miserable excuse for a movie was .
This movie turned out to be a real disappointment and waste of time
It 's just dull , lifeless , and boring .
The script was awful as was the acting .
Because the script is awful , the adaptation is awful and the actors seem bored and half hearted .
Poor acting , even worse writing ....
Plot is terrible , acting is even worse .
The songs were awful and forgettable .
Unfortunately , the script is written poorly , mediocre at best .
This movie is a terrible waste of time .
The acting was terrible , the plot was even worse .
It was not only boring , the actors were awful as well .
It is poorly written , unfunny , and badly acted .
However , the rest of the film is awful and boring .
It 's has horrible plot with awful characters .
The movie was not a waste except for some boring scenes in between .
If you want to simply waste your time on an annoying bad movie , rent this .
I have seen other films by this director , unfortunately this is one of his worst .
Apparently , if your script and dialogs are terrible , even good actors can not save the day .
It 's just bad film making at it 's worst .
But the worst thing about this movie is not the acting , or the lame direction , or the slow story .
The parts that are not laughable are just plain boring .
And that was not even the worst of it .
Avoid this show at all costs , it 's terrible and ridiculous .
It all added up to be a really bad , boring movie and total waste of time and money .
This film was poorly made with cheap effects and even worse acting .
The casting is poor , the script is awful , and the directing is dreadful .
Her character was weak but that is no excuse for such an awful performance .
Boring scenes , useless and boring dialogs , bad script work .
A horribly pointless and , worse , boring film .
Unfortunately this movie was a big disappointment .
The acting , to begin with , is awful , awful , awful .
The worst part was that it was not even bad in a good , laughable way .
Even the outtakes at the end were tiresome and boring , and worst of all , unfunny .
It is just awful , awful , awful , awful .
The cast is awful , the direction is awful , and the script is awful .
Unfortunately , it was a disappointment .
However , this one is the worst of the worst .
The entire film was a boring , stupid , mess .
No plot , awful acting and annoying music .
The whole movie is boring , with annoying , unbelievable dialogue and basically no plot to speak of .
I would avoid this , unless there is nothing else on the shelf .
This horrible waste of animation is a complete failure and this should not have be nothing more than a bad joke .
This movie was boring , poorly acted , poorly written , and an overwhelming disappointment .
This movie is an utter waste of time , the plot is awful , the dialogue is awful .
It 's dull , predictable , unfunny , poorly acted and poorly written .
An awful piece of mess , however at least it is not boring .
And this is not the worst part of this awful mess , the climax is .
