However it does have a good plot line , and it s easy to follow .
However , there is another version out though .
But that does not mean that the ending wo nt pull your nerves , cause its pretty good .
I like that calmness of his portrayal .
One by one , he figures out who is who , at the same rate we find out who is who .
It 's about identity , memory , community , belonging .
She was never a brilliant actress , but there was always something very attractive and alluring about her .
Smelling burnt flesh might bring us respectable folks to our souls ' senses .
Kasdan wants to present life , simply , ordinary life .
Despite the few picky faults people have had with this film ,
It all takes place very quickly , which lends a sense of very real urgency to the film .
Guaranteed to make you laugh , whether or not you normally like gangster type movies .
This show is quality viewing for a discerning market hungry for quality viewing .
This is not a political film or not an explicit political film in any case .
She never knows who to believe or trust .
What really sets the show apart from it 's rivals , is it 's approach to telling us it 's story .
It 's shot completley with handheld camcorders .
For years , this is what people were told to do , but tornado safety web sites now advise against doing this .
That and an occasional shut up is as foul mouthed as this film gets .
He is not ' movie star pretty ' , yet , he is handsome .
The groundswell of support amongst our animation community is phenomenal .
Most plain olé ' movie fans do not like horror movies .
However , you really do need very thick skin and a love of the awful to enjoy this to the max .
Her typical role is as a woman looking for love .
Forget what you have seen in the commercials , forget what you have heard , go see this film for yourself .
The best thing in them also was the constant tension .
He 's a cop who bit by bit loses his identity and finds himself in the heart of a terrible depersonalization .
After a whirlwind romance , he marries her and brings her home .
I wish there were more films like this .
But what this film lacks in budget and accuracy , it more than makes up for in atmosphere and energy .
The movie could thaw the coldest heart .
It will be your little secret that this viewing did not really cost you much at all .
Not only is a thoroughly mean and menacing man but there is something else , some inner demons .
It 's about intelligent people whose lives do not add up to much .
You will be able to recall experiences from your own life , hopefully in a positive way after seeing this movie .
Roles that are quite fitting to what we all know about them .
He surmounts a lot of obstacles but finally finds her .
I recognize and am fully aware that it 's sappy , but it 's good heart .
This brought on an interest in boats that lasted for years .
Early 's parole officer stops to visit him and tells him about a job .
They are absolutely scary in that they made spot on fun of what would be the future .
Typical plot some may say , but this really was unexpected .
I 've seen a few good comedies in my time and usually they are pretty funny .
Her portrayal of a blind person was done convincingly .
Some , however , try and speak up against the government .
But more important , they each confront the unspoken tensions that can affect any family .
Discursive and prolix , yes , guilty as charged but also something of a guilty pleasure .
The usage of colour texture and music is also to be commended .
The superstars as actors have their flaws , and so do their characters .
Even a real psychological experiment is used for this explanation of the crime scene .
I do not know how they could release this movie like that .
There is action in it , but that 's not really what it 's about .
In this case both let this family down .
Teams select a project manager who provides the leadership and organizational skills to complete the task .
It raises a lot of questions but does not give answers .
There 's only one flaw , and that 's the last half an hour .
Curtis takes the woman to her home and asks her name but she wo not give it , and she does not want to know his .
The movie never claims to be something spectacular like many films do .
She is an intelligent actress who is not afraid of taking risks and can play with camp at her leisure .
I really think this could well be a cult classic .
However , this episode can be considered as quite sentimental too .
Milverton would have eaten him up very quickly ... or his real life counterparts would have .
Such is the failproof premise that entrains one of the most delirious plots in movie history .
It certainly deserves the treatment .
As adults the camp looked different , and they felt differently about it and each other .
The cast play there roles with pasion .
The parental figures are all well represented , but are not as important as their sons ' characters .
But he did , and we are the richer for it .
There is a fair balance between the two .
There are some nice chase type scenes , with lots of action going on .
Chuckie and his posse hop in his car and give chase .
It has quite a few good jokes thru out the whole movie .
I saw this film a couple of weeks ago , and it 's been stuck in my head ever since .
It 's pleasant , but with no depth whatsoever .
Now that that s out of the way , let me explain about this movie .
It contains violence and an ending that might well be a metaphor for dying after achieving creative nirvana .
The film never drags , it just goes at the right pace , and has some genuinely funny sections in it .
The main character is taken by her young , handsome piano instructor and a passionate romance blossoms .
You just have to see it for yourself .
And the final scenes on the sinking ship are very well done .
Maybe the only way to cope is excess , or maybe that 's just my interpretation of it .
There are some truly remarkable artists from the vaudeville era as well .
That he can do this and still emerge as a flawed but vindicated hero is credit to the writing .
The film moves quickly and the viewer is left absorbing one scenario while the new one is on the screen .
Ah , pay attention , you do need to watch this film .
Maybe you even work with them in your job or they are living next to your house .
But they do not register surprise in the sudden appearance of this blond , white skinned girl in peculiar dress .
I can a million of these cartoons in which every beats each other over the head .
They are striking sets , and represent the show perfectly .
Its depiction of the tragedy of company towns and lack of upward mobility is sketchy but moving .
It flows at just the right pace throughout .
It s one of these films where every little detail does pay tribute to a great piece of work .
I wish more movies were as imaginative as this one , rather than the same old formula for entertainment .
It 's a long film , but see it in one go , preferably in a cinema .
It 's a long film , but see it in one go , preferably in a cinema .
Any hope at the end , therefore , is profoundly , if romantically , compromised .
I wish i can say more but there would be more spoilers ahead .
So many movies in my opinion lack honesty .
The love that is portrayed in this cinema family is to be emulated and cherished .
The very end of the movie gets me to mist up every time .
The film has an aesthetic quality which lends it s self to the true art of cinema .
All in all , this movie has , in my opinion , street cred .
This movie is awesome for three main reasons .
Idiotic hack crooks , a babe , a safe , a plan and a baby .
Carla is virtually deaf without her hearing aid .
By the way , there are two weird scenes in the film .
It has the most interesting , clever , and deepest script of any show in some time and it is truly unique .
This movie goes in many different directions and it 's hard to settle down and get into it .
Climbing the rocks at dusk , terrified and determined to make it right
Good , realistic action , which is infrequent and not gratitous .
I am surprised not too many people know about it .
He lies about his skills and in fact has none that any legitimate enterprise might require .
One can only guess how this role affected such a gentle , sensitive man .
The scenes in the chicken warehouses are spectacular .
You will only obtain boredom to death , and reassured opinion that french movies are not for you .
The movie gets to the guts of the tension between a son and a father .
This is a classic that has somehow slipped through the cracks .
Finally a well done twist of zombies and comedy .
The power of the instinct makes an animal a beast .
As terrible as it was , it was the most exciting time of their lives .
An extremely talented performer , she hogs the limelight from the moment the braces come off .
The acting is not that great , and the plot is cliche , but the jokes more than make up for that .
But this is not a thriller , per se .
I definitely was not the least bit interested in opera at the time , but he changed my views .
In pretending to be a man in love , he became a man in love .
I understand how can young kids can be driven to do such horror .
So this might be an example of what the genre has become .
His glasses were his trademark and a symbolic link to his name and role as a passive observer .
Watch this film , and you wo not regret it .
When she 's onscreen it 's hard to take your eyes off her .
The acting left a little to be desired , but was made up for by the pace of the story .
True beauty is rarely interesting for cinema goers , it seems .
They need to give quality shows a real chance and the time to really click and gain an audience .
Recommended to people who get bored of action films and want to see a good movie .
Need to see more documentaries like this .
This work reminds you what it 's like to be a child , without going all sugary or being too grim .
However , the message of the movie is not universal .
It 's truly shocking in its reality .
I feel it 's my duty to at least warn you of what to expect .
Of course she 's gorgeous , which does not hurt .
Rabbits are really cute , fluffy and adorable animals .
And do not get me started about the poster .
In fact , he is a little too ambitious for his own good .
Not for the smallest children though .
Clapton 's solos have a formation that he sometimes does not have when on stage with his solo band .
Described thus it sounds banal , but once seen it becomes a gripping work of cinema .
This touched on both possibilities along with the third .
It show the inability of people to communicate or talk with others .
And sometimes we should give them a had and help them , to the very end .
It is not , nor does the film mislead you into believing it is one .
For the first time events are not explained in details .
The soundtrack boosts this atmospheric effect , adding to the overall unreal mood the film purveys .
This episode attacks a culture of people who ignore the lower class who are often just down on their luck .
She spent some time out there researching .
Not one to be missed if you have any kind of heart or emotion .
The only complaint about this game is that it 's so short and can be completed in less than three hours .
She uses her eyes and voice to suggest all the horror that will be visited on millions in the years to come .
The casting was well done and the scenes and music are first rate .
It 's a standout moment in the film , which is so sadly missing in today 's movies of the genre .
Was a great look at how outsiders try to get to the inside to make it big .
The film also gives insight into his later treatment of women .
As the camera pans to the right , the woman is seen in the background among the gravestones .
I have seen some movies with them , each in one or the other .
I like this film for several reasons .
They have a very fair compromise of watching the film of their own story , which is what awaits ...
They know she is a link in a long espionage chain .
At any rate , this was a great film .
So if you wan na watch the movie you 're welcome to do so .
Her response to a complaint about the smell is simply unbelievable .
It says a lot about the reason these guys are the way they are , rather than simply condemning them .
It 's a movie that 's better experienced than described , so hop to it .
But she is also inescapably vulnerable .
If you enjoy thinking when watching a comedy then this one is for you .
Nolte has a a full range of acting talents .
She has more fans then she realizes .
My heart wo not go on from this one .
I thought the movie was extremely funny and actually very interesting .
But the story and ending were so brutal that they made up for a lot .
The movie split in time , is magically shot , amazingly acted and has a touching script .
I found it to be a pleasant , poignant and enriching film .
A sad truth to how culture tends to clash with the sexes .
Danny all of a sudden playing the guitar .
The love between the two main characters may be more than fraternal .
The authorities collect every fire extinguisher in town and manage to freeze the blob .
The team has done some serious research .
It 's story was so original and charming ..
Wing to me happens to be a good anime .
Some posters elude to the flawed characteristics about the man , which are cheap shots .
My brother was always caring for my old father and he wants to see me the same way too .
Destroys the path to joy we 've been following him on his whole life .
There is lots of singing while dancing .
This may be shrewd , as playing to zeal may be the only way to get to the missionary , and through .
He makes it clear , whether we like it or not , that the end justifies the means .
I was convinced that that thing was moving on its own accord .
They 're on her trail when the theft occurs .
He took me aside and told me how much he loved the film and why .
You may have grasped that this is a rather clichéd film .
It 's tasteless , groovy and very funny in a sixties kind of way .
The scripting though is very good and the dialogue is fantastic for a movie of this ilk .
Does not let us down with some of his best one liners .
Urmila and manoj bajpai have given their best .
You wo not forget the images of the cult 's brutality , control , and obsessiveness of it 's leader .
Just go onto the official site and the rest is simple enough .
After all the supranatural stuff is a part of the culture in the third world .
Throughout the episodes , the murders have very interesting plots and be what people least expect .
And it succeeded admirably in doing so .
The directing and editing was great .
And then , as ' the plot ' ensues , you 're in for one heck of a ride .
They will be scorned , or deemed perverted , for expressing their passion through dance .
The real humor in this movie was watching the trouble that this behavior gets him into with the black community .
She 's beautiful , sexy , a talented actress and dancer , and the script gives her good comic lines too .
The plot is somewhat lacking , but the delightful quips are enough to make up the difference .
An uncommonly expressive sequence on what it must be like to drown .
Yet there are a few colorful comic relief .
I just never got around to watching it .
The stakes were raised and the story was enhanced because of it .
It is all about the extreme demonic power of metal .
They eventually end up in the basement which is extremely dark and lit by numerous candles .
The action scenes are exhilarating .
We see nothing of their parents or their teachers , and very little of the adult world at all .
The clash of the two occurs in a nicely staged ambush scene where the townsmen ride right into a trap .
The bad sound made it sometimes very hard to understand , what the characters are saying .
The plot is fast paced and although predictable , still an entertaining hour or so .
I ca not decide whether this is one of my favourite movies .
The planet 's natural resources have been exhausted and basic food has been reduced to simple staples .
The public bath has to be demolished , making place for a commercial complex to be constructed .
The problems confronted in the film are those of the everyday , and a little low on spectacle .
This movie is using cinematography fantastically , the depth of the camera catches each character .
I do not remember this film getting a cinema release over here .
It was far above other romantic comedies .
Charlie tries to make up for it by buying her dresses .
This is an interesting movie , with a lot of sex and intrigue .
The trainer suspects something afoot , but he 's bumped off by the more conventional method of a bullet .
A film made with passion and interest in the subject matter .
He closes in on her , and some of the scenes as this happens are inspired portrayals of the wildest panic .
The dialog in this movie is also absolutely magnificent and gives the movie a feel of reality and credibility .
You can play in numerous old costumes seen throughout the comics .
Jonah did not want them to repent , but vindictively desired that they be destroyed .
There really is something to live for , but love triumphs over all .
I thought it was similar to darkness falls which i also liked .
The abductor was pretty creepy and the story generally had some good twists .
Before continuing , let me preface this by saying that what follows is my opinion , and my opinion only .
But sooner or later , that intention will change ...
Definitely give it a chance , and just enjoy the ridiculous parts as they are .
It frankly made this film good , instead of the classic , it should 've been .
One night , she wakes up hearing her dead child .
Anyway , this is like one big bad dream where parts of it seem to come true at various points .
Thought at first this film would be your typical
The film improves so stick with it .
The story line is strong enough to support the action sequences .
I was cracking up at the shear unwavering weirdness of the movie .
Not by any means the best comedy ever but for a guy to say he can watch it alone , that s saying something .
The meanness of him , but with a trace of sadness that makes us root for him to change .
Their grandfather is a mariner of sorts .
I love the backwoods feel of this movie .
The human toll on our soldiers is not left on the battlefield .
The performances across the board were compelling .
The story is like a sad love story with an unhappy ending .
They really grow on you in the film .
Riff and her classmates take over the high school and one massive party begins .
When it happens , it 's a timid , mechanical affair .
The story is a little soapy from another time but just as worthwhile as most dramas .
The chase through farmers market in downtown detroit brings back memories .
Real people curse , real people lust , real people fall .
In the background of the temple , there are several tourists looking off in the distance in slippers and shorts .
I do not mind that because it is believable and there is no sex scene .
I had never heard of this movie and it snagged me for two hours .
I must admit to those that have not seen it .
But the system has its inexorable effect on the people who think they 're running it .
If you can take a serious movie , go see this .
A few normal people found themselves from dancing .
She takes over the ferry business as the ghost closes in on the man she loves .
Surely , plenty of professors are nutty .
Ebert are really no different than you or me .
In the end , it offers something that defies description .
And her fears just may be justified ...
I hope if you are thinking about finding this show to watch that you do .
He also looks quite different by the way without his trademark small mustache in this movie .
From the grabber opening till the credits roll , you will be fascinated .
I wish there were more of these in nowadays production .
The novel was written something after the first war .
He could have been a good and loyal servant to his brother , but chose to rule as a bad king .
Because the country was in a recession , and so void of leadership , this was true of that time .
Spielberg 's first serious drama is a remarkable movie .
This is how summer movie thrillers should be done .
Different film directors from different countries have contributed to the film medium a lot by their thoughts .
Peggy land a part in his next picture .
The plot of this film starts out as a bit of fluff about a beauty contest .
He was funny , and much funnier than most of his most recent comedies .
He has asked if it were possible for me to get this for him .
Even the saints of any religion are images , ideal models of how to behave and how to live your life .
Nastasya is vacationing in a marble columned resort where a chess championship is being hosted .
The music is nothing special but likable anyway .
Lorne stole the show every time she was on screen .
This movie is a sleeper film that should be watched for years to come .
When this film was made , the hippie thing had gone mainstream .
The outcomes in each case are favorable to the women and children .
Alan wants an escape from his tidy , emasculating life .
A complex story with the changing between eras .
This is a movie about two kids who 's father suddenly has a vision .
So you see the problem with this film is not that it 's a bad film , but it 's certainly a very confused film .
His wife directed this masterpiece .
They did bring in the issue of slavery .
Their acting fully invites you to participate , to make friends .
Russell obviously comes out on top .
Also there were some dark scenes , that young children would find upsetting , but the ending is very poignant .
Spike almost screams this untouched love affair in our faces .
It does , however , capture the feeling of some memorable scenes in other , beloved works .
All in all a great film with a sour ending .
If you do not like how the character is drawn , look away , and just listen to him .
But this movie is about so much more .
The mockery of officialdom is perfectly interpreted , from the blustering beadle to the drunken magistrate .
Yet it is the small scale that gives the film its bite .
Unfortunately they never found any subsequent film relationship with a producer as satisfactory as this had been .
His take is right on target with a touch of sentimentality that does not get out of hand .
An action and allegorical tale which has just about everything .
Che 's image has to be one of the most over exploited ever .
Sniper takes war to a new level or refinement .
The actor plays him as a little puppy or a homicidal maniac .
Most of the boss enemies use this , though , so be prepared .
It takes someone to know the topics in this film to know when truth is presented .
Lost simply does not disappoint , you would think a series carrying on for so long ca not keep getting better .
Dooley does not get along with his new partner much either .
Most of which has , to this day , never been topped .
But it 's a less glamorous and more in you face tale .
Watch it with plenty of popcorn and soda in a darkened room .
Hellman could write very well at times .
They say it is dated and try to explain why it is the way it is .
Roeper may well be an idiot savant , but in some other field .
This trio has just the right chemistry for this caper , playing off one another with a graceful style .
It s the story about three animals how have to find their way home .
Hitler 's perversions and cruelty are rendered in a vibrant , compelling drama .
This film is novel for its animation techniques .
But the film stand always in some distance to seem .
They end up using the lucia sexlet until the baritone recognizes them and unplugs it .
The difficulty level is just right .
We have seen threats of this type before , and that made the main conflict much more challenging to the writers .
If you have not yet seen this movie , go rent it , and watch it .
It will entertain you even if it does not remain in your memory .
I fell in love with this film and with the characters in it .
It 's not supposed to be taken seriously , and if viewed that way , it 's actually quoit enjoyable .
Also , the only extras included are a brief filmography .
The suspense is held through out the movie .
I never ever thought of the fact that this might have happened .
I have always looked forward to new episodes with great anticipation
There are some very good thoughts applied to prepare the audiences .
Also the character of a catholic priest and what happened to him in the end of the story was quite meaningful .
This cartoon is short on plot , but is a visually stunning piece of work .
Mai 's graceful dancing and charm gave me goosebumps .
He tells them the future , of course no one believes him , he goes back to the future .
A tragic accident triggers a personal crisis that almost overwhelms her .
Maybe not now , but go watch it for yourself .
But , gorehounds probably wo not find anything special .
He 's usually set a trap and is hiding or waiting in the wings to see if it works .
The nightmare , the horror and the shock are imprinted upon her deeply lined face ...
There are enough good aspects to this movie to more than compensate for the drawbacks .
No one could think these men could carry on a job like the one they undertake .
Through all the cruelty and wickedness , a moral , albeit twisted , can be gleamed .
They were both deceased when we met so watching old movies is a good way to see them and their work .
This shows a big wish come true trought happiness and sadness , hopeless and failure .
If you took it seriously you would go nuts .
It 's a roller coster of emotion and pain that the viewer takes on .
Never before has a movie been made that is so obviously meant to be consumed along with huge amounts of alcohol .
But they soon find out , when they leave or go is all up to them .
The last little twist at the end allows for all to get their just deserts .
But he succeeds in making a good product .
The ending is surprising , but fictional .
Direction and editing are flawless .
It 's too bad they could not have combined the best elements of both films into one exceptional film .
I allowed my mind to wander back to this little gem of a movie from my childhood .
I have searched everywere and no luck .
That 's the bit of the movie that seriously annoyed me , and renders it unsuitable for kids , in my opinion .
They actually frighten you to a level that you 've never experienced .
She killed six innocent people , and her seventh victim was the black lady .
Those effects still work their charm .
Little masterpiece , hardly reachable .
The supporting actors were great too .
The colour is fine , the sound is a little muddy in places .
It was the quintessential comedy of the decade .
Even though it has one of the standard
Are these guys doing a full blown comedy or is there something else going on .
Halloween left me breathless , speechless , and downright scared .
She is the queen of this film beyond all doubt .
It is thus at the same time , instructive to note the reviewer reaction to the movie .
The buffalo nation was destroyed by greed and uncontrolled hunting ...
The sentimentality does occasionally threaten to choke it , but it 's overcome by the playing of the two leads .
I could watch this movie every day .
Both films are gangster epics that are similar in form .
If you go to this movie expecting something it is not , you will be disappointed , as with any movie .
Davis is watchable , for sure , but so strident and predatory as to seem scarcely human .
The boys ponder what they will be when they grow up .
It restores vital scenes cut by censors upon its release .
This movie got a sequel three years later .
What was unexpected was that the two of them got back together sort of at the end .
It has that same flow and that same rhythm .
For the first half of the movie the little girl grated on my nerves .
She tries to escape her own subconscious ghosts , embodied by the death spectre of a young girl .
She tries to escape her own subconscious ghosts , embodied by the death spectre of a young girl .
They , too , are sick of not being able to buy what they want but can see no way out of it .
Otherwise the whole family sequence felt overdone in the beginning .
A few random examples will illustrate the problems .
Of course , the premise was strange and fantastic .
This amazingly wrongheaded analysis simply proves that great historians are rarely fine film critics .
This film has a powerful philosophical ending .
The kid actors over exaggerate on many things .
He is uproarious , daring , and moronic .
There is a subplot focusing on how the parasite that infected the girl came into to their lives .
I will add my vote to the woefully few comments and recommend this little known flick .
When it was time to sacrifice the eagle , the boy set the eagle free because he could not allow it to be killed .
Craven even has a cameo as one of the passengers on the plane .
At first it seems like pure entertainment but it does make you think further .
She goes to a ball with the help of her fairy godmother and loses a glass slipper ...
Bill can only trust the only person he knows inside out , himself .
These filmmakers have recorded a coup unlike anything witnessed before .
This movie is a little ray of sunshine in a dark season .
Actors were under contracts , and did not always have a choice about what role they played .
But it ends up being an enjoyable buddy cop movie , at least in my opinion .
There 's a lot of fun stuff in here , so get past the slow beginning and wait for the funnier stuff later on .
It was so , so sad when the baby died .
Many of you did not understand the sense of the movie ..
It would be more rousing if she were his sister , of course .
It is the kind of sitcom that grows on you .
They keep emotion out of their roles .
He knows how to direct movies according to their genres , but that at times has not turned out well .
For me , at the end of the day it 's more empathy than sympathy .
The brothers are very close , yet are not judgmental .
It is an interesting twist , but one that ca not really be digested without viewing the first film .
Whoever it is , he 's definitely not carrying a badge .
Their relationship quickly crumbles .
His physical role , his stares , his content attitude in this movie made me fall in love with his performance .
The rain is in the flat roof and tonight soft is again soft .
A man with powers that are not of this world .
The follow up is always the most difficut thing .
It simply has stunned the world when it hit t.v.
And you do not want to come to his path .
One sentence that keeps coming up on my mind is that history repeats itself .
It seems the script suits perfectly to the actors and vice versa .
There is one scene of sexuality , and a lot disturbing and unsettling content in this .
Some people feel that all film must be important
Both man and beast have instincts , only man knows how to control them .
However , the film still serves as a decent , if not flawed , movie
I have a large collection of her memorabilia .
Several aspects of this one stand out , though .
A must see for families who are fostering children and are considering adoption .
This movie you 've popped in ... is not a normal movie .
It 's well integrated with the script , as it allows a complex resolution and fuels a lot of symbolism .
The old man takes to the child and brings happiness into his sad life .
They rise , and empower others to rise , to be the best that they can be .
I felt that many of the issues in the movie were addressed more subtly than is characteristic of dance movies .
Your wife stays at home , and does everything you ask .
Her marriage can therefore be seen as her reclamation of her family 's original cultural heritage .
He was a great story teller and someone suggested that he put his stories into writing .
This was not a great movie but it is watchable .
This is a movie about scary ideas , not a movie about dramatic , conflicted characters .
It expands their critical thinking .
Sirk seems to suggest that sexual dysfunction is one of the side effects of capitalism .
If you find yourself misting up at the end , you do not have to feel you 've been duped .
I think it 's a good film to watch when you need a lift , whether you 're building a house or not .
In response to her continued question ,
For me this production was and remains a delight .
This show will be missed maybe not by a lot of people but by some pretty loyal fans .
Technically the film is very well done .
I am a star trek fan but i would definitely rate this show well above any of the star treks .
The film clips in this documentary from the war does not miss out anything , some of the clips left me dumbstuck .
Have not seen this in over three decades , but it remains strong in my visual and emotional memory .
The first scene gets this across without any compromise .
But it does follow parts of the games .
Also , he never stops reminding us that each of us has a voice .
They never treat the audience like idiots .
To harmonise with other in voice , listen .
There are those with great interest in that money , one in particular being the dead man 's mistress .
There a couple things that really stood out in this film .
It set me wondering if it was in consideration of the father or her own needs .
If you 're not heartless , you will cry through the last third of the movie .
I was impressed with his accent and mannerisms .
He rears the knife back as it glints off the moonlight , then he drives it .
That must have been a subject they avoided .
Some of the users are stuck in a ' realist ' type of mentality .
You leave me little notes on my pillow .
These seem like decent , simple folk .
I ca not say more without spoiling things .
A remarkable achievement and one of the ten greatest screen comedies ever made .
He 's always funny , even when he does or says very little .
Lee as the obsessed cop is also outstanding .
There is even a little blood and gore to satisfy the splatter fan of the house .
There are many leaps of faith the viewer needs to take to enjoy this film .
We 've never seen her before so it really feels like her story .
Freebird made me relive and laugh at my misspent youth .
I may have nightmares of him next night .
I love the connection between the characters .
Small homages of the gang and the gang themselves are featured from time to time .
We could relate to the characters who had real problems .
The minimalist feel works for the whole picture .
It s shot in black and white with shots of color randomly appearing throughout .
When the movie goes on , it goes completely different than what you 'd expect .
The filming may seem a little dated now but there will never be another like this .
Some other people said this show should have more realistic reactions of the dead , among other things .
What more can i say , it 's a movie just waiting to be rediscovered , time and time again .
We are told that it gives hope , but never why or how .
The audience sees the ugliness of both of these classes through the eyes of the protagonist .
We watched it last night for the first time .
This team came back from the brink , having multiple losing seasons to winning just about everything .
It 's a once in a lifetime experience .
Throughout the story he betrays and is betrayed .
The object of his obsession is distant and cold .
There are moments when she almost teeters , but she consistently exudes charm .
He goes easy on those who are being audited .
It also means that he must take on a different persona and keep it a secret from his wife .
That made the movie ending a little bit interesting
Benjamin hits on a brain storm , reunite the guys and do it on a national television special .
And then there 's the mistakes they made and have to live with .
Later on the series almost drowned in marketing related tasks with way too many product placements .
The pacing is also better and overall it just works better .
Perhaps there 's something about past and future to think about here .
Bug in words , it is one of those films that truly has to be seen to be understood .
The acting and direction were both uniformly good throughout .
It was the kind of ending where you have to decide what happened in the future for them .
Very atmospheric and unsettling and scary ...
We also observe his wife having a miscarriage , and his marriage having rocky times .
But , in a country were people did not had much money jeans was only ideal and friendship was everything .
I ca not understand such hatred for this episode .
Special mention must be given to the other members of the cast as well .
Ofcorse there is internet but not for anyone in the world .
The preview looked , for the most part , damn cool .
I guess it 's the kind of movie that you can only with the innocence of a young child ...
This was one of the most popular with all our customers .
Just be ready for some very strange images that will be burned into your memory forever .
In the end he had to choose between her life and his own .
This was a short match , but decent for what it was .
Paramount dropped it like a hot potato that just burst into flame .
It feels like they should have ended it at the world series for a real bang up finish .
Fortunately , they get shot dead just in time before they can further harm him .
By the way , the actors are really good and funny .
So , it hits you hard , letting you know your not the only one going through hell .
If my summary provides the movie with enough appeal in your eyes , check it out .
Jacknife is about the diseases of the soul that war creates .
This story is told and retold and continues to be retold in every possibly way imagine .
Others by the at times brutal violence .
This is science fiction in its purest form and droll comedy as well .
However , arriving at his new workplace , he is given a polygraph test and is immediately rumbled as a spy .
He is suppose to go to conventions from other high tech companies and find out all the companies ' plans .
Both men did not really put a very good effort .
This one will get reviews all over the map because it does not comfortably fit any mold .
But this movie is indeed different .
In the center of this film , there is one scene you will never forget .
The movie has so many funny moments .
That innate quality which is an amalgamation of charisma , panache and swagger .
My guess is that once you look into those eyes in real life , you become a believer .
He would go on to a great career as action director himself .
It shows you how diversified and how fragile our planet can be .
The only information given was that it was a suspense thriller .
More spirits , more bizarre occurrences , more subplots .
Keep your eyes peeled for a memorable , technically astonishing assassination that will make your jaw drop .
The new stream media will gain more and more popularity among viewers .
The marble faun is moving in ... he just gave us a washing machine .
This is what we can do to each other .
All the characters of note are present and accounted for .
The heart of a protector trying to make up for not being able to protect .
It is totally incredible , unbelievable , impossible .
The two weaknesses are the story and the fight scenes .
And if you need it explained to you .... well , you need more help than any television show could ever offer .
You have been warned but the story and storytelling keeps you grounded .
I have to say that this was not very exciting but talk about fashion and weird ways to solve a mystery .
It does to that reviewer yet for me , it may have some sort of naïve charm .
I love to watch this movie a lot because of all the scary scenes about the raptors .
The gov't closes it down , hides the story and sanctions houses to be built over it .
Virginia begins to question just what is growing inside of her ...
You could not laugh without seeing an episode .
The type of camera used makes you feel right there in the jungle .
So people should just watch it and not comment it .
He has all the stereotypical notions about blindness , and is sure he will be a burden to everyone .
It 's not our fault when sometimes temptation ca not be resisted , that 's just who we are .
The brutality of man , it 's impossible to explain .
He knows , however , that she has to have the guts to make it herself if she is to make it at all .
Hanka is disappointed and returns to her parents .
There is an atmosphere which is exactly the same as in the book .
But if you are looking for real people with real stories this is the film for you .
There is so much more to this movie that , at times , the school shooting becomes insignificant .
He 's seen more as an annoyance than danger .
One day , he hears singing coming from the basement .
There is something here to offend everyone in a good natured way .
You fall in love with the characters from the moment you meet them .
The issues just hinted on in the latter movie are explored and exposed in totality here .
Perhaps they get filled in with later episodes , but that 's beside the point .
On this adventure you encounter wondrous creatures and boss fights .
For example , many of the skits involve well to do middle aged whites .
It is not by any means a great film by cinematic standards , although there are some nice shots in it .
Frankie 's cool , slick demeanor transcends the boundaries of this movie .
It also has serious stories and notes .
Just take your favortie gangster movies and mix a comedy in .
He cleans and cooks the whole time .
As a period piece , it 's more accurate than not .
Not too many holds and just pure raw physicallity .
She will never know how much that means to me .
Kelly seems to defy the boundaries of his physical self ...
Jr aflame through dangerous days and nights of terror in a land where anything can happen .
Over time they become romantically involved .
Dixon has a deep feeling of guilt and hates himself for those reasons .
What really makes a horror movie is the violence .
Hallen phones his nurse to return since he may need to perform an amputation .
The machine does not have a fair trial and riots start around the world .
The star of the show is not a hero , she is a spoiled , bigoted pervert .
It would be best to just get out of town instead of taking the lives of people that are close to you .
The perplexing ending is actually quite consistent with the rest of the film .
Check the hysterical chambermaid scene ...
Sure , it looks cheesy as all get out in our modern world .
Not cheap , but well worth it to me .
If you want to watch something that is for ' him ' and ' her ' so to say then this is the film to pick .
It 's at this point that the secret that binds them together is revealed in an unexpected way .
At times he seemed to be the kind of father you dread , but in the end you really like his character .
You may guess what may have happened there .
I found the graphics in the water courses very very good .
Malle 's emphasis is not so much on what happened to each person but what has happened to this community .
In all her other movies she was competing with big faces which was actually hindering her .
But to her horror , elvira finds out that all her aunt has left her is her house , her dog and a cookbook .
If you want to study a mileu as a potential symbol , then this is indeed a film to study .
The various moves with the wrists had to be learned as throwing craps is a skill in and of itself .
This film successfully portrays the frustratingly restrictive lifestyle of all women of the time .
In this case , he only wrote the movie as it was made several years after his death .
Moral of the story , it is a decent movie for its genre and it is astonishingly good .
The last scene of the film has stuck with me for all of these years .
The result is uneven , but generally entertaining .
It does not pander for tears or ask for sympathy .
The majority is in black and white , but frequently , splashes and sequences of colour do emerge .
There is surprisingly little gore but the scenes of dental torture are quite nasty and grotesque .
The builders , contractors , and others also provide their fair share of laughs .
And seeing him smile was indescribable .
Answers to precisely what happened and why may have been supplied , but if so they are well buried .
He 's good , but this showed how good he could be .
As the spell of the villa permeates their spirits , each grows in her own way and is uplifted in her outlook .
Ok , so , this is coming a few weeks late , but it is here .
The whole cast is too run of the mill .
All in all , an enjoyable movie which should be really be paid attention too .
She said it in an introversion way .
Overall this is pretty good and in gloomy black and white .
You can call it a mystery , perhaps a small thriller , or an intelligent film .
I eagerly anticipate seeing it again , and again .
Brian has been in a lot of movies where he has ridden .
The trick is being able to see through the mayhem , or rather to regard the chaos as part of the effect .
It is often only after years pass that we can look back and see those stars who are truly stars .
A man meets with his wife at a restaurant , to break up with her , so that he can run off with his mistress .
What 's important is the interactions between these and other characters in the story .
They shrug and probably never give it another thought .
Tsing , a beautiful and mysterious young girl who also lives nearby in a deserted temple .
Tsing , a beautiful and mysterious young girl who also lives nearby in a deserted temple .
They all laughed is very much a family affair .
It really is a fun little film , with a bunch of faces you did not know were in it .
I replay their scenes over and over again .
Believe me , you will wo not need too many clues to figure it out .
Just dark enough to be interesting and light enough to be enjoyed by everyone .
Nolan was a great actor , but this character really aggravated me .
It is a scene that literally made me want to jump out of my chair and start applauding .
It may just choke you up towards the end ...
In the meantime , all the actors acquit themselves admirably and the audience enjoys itself .
Here he makes incarceration a hell of a lot more scarier than it already is .
Insignificance is one of my top five movies of all time .
One of the things about watching this movie nowadays is that we can look at certain portrayals .
Too often she is cast in films where her potential is not utilised to full effect .
It 's a different love , not usually shown on screen , especially in this sort of film .
The two novellas seem like they must be very similar .
With their narrow hips they can run faster .
Birth , death , happiness , sadness , exhilaration , despair , and so on .
Action towards the end of the film prevents it from being a simple etude de moeurs .
If you want to watch some movie then i clearly recommend this one .
There 's a difference between a movie fan and a horror movie fan .
Underneath it all , these people are children at heart , who just want to do right .
At once literal , figurative , and surreal in disturbing ways .
But none of these , so to speak , has really captured the spirit of his novel .
It is cheery , funny , and romantic .
The acting is marvelous and the science is amusing .
So instead of a showdown on small boat , we get a showdown on a giant ship .
Story lines and interviews are inter weaved to create a more interesting show .
I say give it a chance because you just might like it .
You can do a lot with a little cash .
They will explain the processes used .
Then he grows up and decides to find his real father .
Until it comes out on widescreen , rent it .
Joe is shook up by a haunting childhood .
He dances to disco , rock ' n' roll and country .
Clearly movies that rely on mechanical bulls , bartenders and immature relationships were in style .
Albert of cheating and shows up at his job one night late after closing .
It also sends a message that we should all know and learn from .
He 's sleazy , funny at times , and always on the brink of doing something crazy .
No great effort has been made to turn it into a comprehensive whole .
Above all , their struggle to make it after graduating college creates a very good story .
Is not it what we both wanted says one of the couple ... it occurs that it 's not .
No skimping on the loads of extras and locations .
The editing and cinematography are marvelous , and everything looks utterly gorgeous .
I think it is very scary as very few movies actually are .
The low budget really shows at times .
And it looks like she 's ordered the lobster .
It needs to be seen to be believed .
It 's a who gon na do it to who first .
Chakotay became my least favourite character .
This is a major improvement , and most importantly he suits the role .
Yes there were liberties taken on the actual events , as all fiction is apt to do .
She does not look old at all , still hot indeed .
Not sure why it s not higher rated .
If you do not laugh while seen this movie , you do not have any sense of humor .
This work deals with life in all aspects .
We have to learn from this movie that the dowry should not be taken .
Disney realized this fact and took advantage of it to teach these children an important lesson about the world .
This one is more of a macabre story than a funny one , although it has its moments of comedy .
So , you wo not find a war story in this film , or at least not the kind of war story you expect .
You must be patient and instead , note the details here .
We viewers gave him the respect and love he never had .
Even though the movie 's focus was around
He 's having trouble with the local mob and he needs her help .
Every moment with the large cast of actors felt like the truth being exposed in their daily usual lives .
The shaky camera sometimes can be a distraction , but in cinema verite that is a given .
The writing is tight , the dialogue first rate .
Andrew 's obsession and neurosis are implanted in his hidden , painful discovery that he is the son of a thief ...
The legend of samhain contains very little thought or effort .
She was a brilliant actress when given the chance to show off her talent .
But watching this one almost equals to reading the book .
Those words were so true and added so much to that scene in the movie .
A mixture of shakespeare , pop , jazz , and faerie tales .
Personalities do not change , growth is never achieved .
Not a bad picture , but just same ol ' , same ol '.
Ruth as she is spooning the milk from the bucket .
Bradshaw has a rounder happier face that did not carry the anger that emerges as the film progresses .
He got these glasses which h are brown .
The subject was nice and the film makes you keep watching without getting bored though it is long .
Miles ' fears reach a point of crisis during the week end in the country .
If you ever get a chance to watch this , you are not going to forget it ever .
The film revolves around a man who believes that all forms of media are obsolete .
Because it 's a film that speaks to our heart , our ears , our souls .
Still it does not feel at all stuffy .
Some parts were difficult to watch , as most reality is , but it is not over done .
The obvious reason is that it just does not fit today 's political atmosphere .
And in the end , the characters are looking for love .
I thought the chases and pyrotechnics contributed to the film and were well done .
In light of more recent events , it is something that is sorely needed , worldwide .
Harry as he plays all his men of action , slow , deliberate , and without fear .
Others will want to discover more about this enigmatic criminal .
Every character emulates something that has been done a thousand times before .
Many of us who grew up in an area such as this can easily identify with the characters .
The problem is that once you know what is going on the story does not end soon enough .
It is not sadness that does this to me .
Mutilation of where the boys began .
What a pity modern comedy ca not reach that high standard .
This man has touched people in a way that a million charity leaflets could not .
I will just say it left me scouring the net in vain to find a soundtrack .
The movie displayed what love really is , action not emotion .
The expected tensions are there , especially in the awkward first moments .
A journey on the darkest road ever .
Then the final tale concerns an actor buying a cloak from an odd little shop .
I wish they would produce more episodes .
I appreciate the use of mirrors in revealing the activity going on behind the cameras .
I do not remember laughing so hard at a stand up routine .
You ca not help but smile and laugh at the antics that take place in this movie .
Anyhow , many scenes were lazy and the layers were apparent .
There is also something undoubtedly cathartic about watching this movie .
Playing mad turns him into an exaggerated caricature of himself .
The little dialogue the film has is not very delicate and this adds to the power of the film .
Some of the score was actually good .
This , to me , is the most effective cinematic tool of all .
He can do things with and to his body that no human being should be able to do .
It 's got a great plot that functions like a puzzle , with lots of intrigue and suspense .
Her son gets kidnapped and murdered , ostensibly because it is known she has cash from the settlement .
But you do not get to see how it is at home .
In all , a good , intentionally campy , comedy .
I have found myself near tears just listening to it .
It does not ask you to think , it does not demand that you accept the film as reality .
A number of posters have commented on the unsatisfactory conclusion .
She also demonstrated many selfless , learning , and loving acts as she went along her way .
True there are many moments lifted but their told in new ways and there are distinct differences as well .
At the time most animated movies were a little too childish for my tastes .
The audio was good , however it was grainy and had the trailers between reels .
After seeing this film , he obviously could do a heck of a lot more .
These are expectations of modern times when we are obsessed with utter perfection .
Astor does above average work in a not very meaty role .
The cinematography was excellent as it really captured the scariness and isolation of the huge housing estate .
Not a movie that can be seen with family .
I can only agree with taximeter that this is a fantastic film and should be seen by a wide audience .
And they speak with haunting voice , which mesmerizes their victim .
Well here 's another movie like it , only more extreme .
Grab yourselves a cool drink and some popcorn , watch this movie and have fun .
The two protagonists come from vastly different environments .
Be a man , have a few beers and watch this movie .
Machatý seems an expert at using motifs .
The lovable burn out smokers are now roommates .
The plot is rather weird , however .
A lot if you are one of those people who say only country people love this movie .
What counts is the number of people responding to the picture , not unadjusted box office media spin .
The filming is pleasant and the environment is keenly realistic .
These words could be as well said by everybody no matter of where , when or how they live .
They peeked at each other , though their eyes did not contact .
She 's upstairs in her house , he 's down on the sidewalk .
It 's just that mysteriousness that keeps me interested time after time .
Mike describes attacking each other and his foretelling proves just too true .
It 's set at the end of the swinging sixties .
He really is a magnificent bastard in this movie .
That felt real to me , that 's probably what would have happened in real life .
If you hate this film so much , do not buy it .
We might sometimes think that it would be easier to commit suicide than to go on living .
Tony 's crew bringing sacks of drug money to the bank .
They hit the nail on the head with this one .
All in all , a lovely film , that is hardly ever on .
This film is a thinking film in many ways .
I absolutely loved this movie for it 's lack of the same .
The character is heroic , but is neither the greatest fighter nor the most demonic lover .
That means the woman was a real insurance and she did her job .
It is very factual , exciting , and motivational .
Bach finally gets home and wants to know where her friends are .
There are many great performances in this movie , but allow me to touch specifically on a few .
And seeing something as fragmented like this ends up only reinforcing the completeness of the more recent films .
At least they will have more fun in the fun scenes , poor things .
Ford films will recognize two musical themes here that were repeated in later films .
They must have liked children at one time , you just ca not imagine how .
As romantic comedies go , this was a cute and winning one .
I love all of the videos in this movie .
An artistic telegram on the importance of caring about those around us .
The mechanics of the film are a lot of fun too .
I and all the people around me were simply touched .
I 've been renting on movielink for a bit , and decided to check this movie out .
You may remember me more clearly in the classroom scene when the werewolf was exposing himself on film .
You may remember me more clearly in the classroom scene when the werewolf was exposing himself on film .
In this case the climax gives me even greater pleasure .
Each episode was built around a real historical figure of the old west .
It 's truly bizarre , extremely funny , morbid , witty ...
Coleman 's was my favorite performance in the film .
This is really some of the best stuff of the early days of film .
Too much space in between seasons and very sporadic .
Afterwards , we would have a variety of characters .
Afterwards , we would have a variety of characters .
Saw this as a young naive punk when it was first released .
It was a farewell week of camping , as the place would be closed down permanently at the end of the season .
The dialogue was smart , witty , fun even the mush had good dialogue .
Long after it 's gone it lives on in your memories , tantalizing you with what might have been .
Some of the humor is crude gross out stuff , but most of it is just well done intelligent comedy .
The world is made up two different types of moviegoers ...
It does not get more natural than that .
This was this veteran actor 's second last movie .
Of course the show is also incredibly funny , and is a guaranteed to make you smile .
So he pledges to bring back a falling star .
Her role was small but she portrayed her role so diligently that one is moved by her performance .
And again , these people are doing it .
But in modern times , men 's roles are not as clear .
The photography , acting and story is phenominal .
I will be watching it again , just to hear the music .
After the first person is killed , they find out they are locked in the school .
Although the movie is really very sad from the beginning to the end , there are some classic scenes .
In this movie , the characters are as gritty as we would expect of anyone involved in a political scandal .
If you are in the mood for making fun of someone this is definitely the film to watch .
What really makes the film is not the plot , but the many jokes .
This is not some newspaper story , this is real and in the audience you almost believe him .
Twi in particular take up quite some of the running time and make this movie better .
The actual directing seems to have been well thought through , and the script must have been amazing .
They 've been showing them forever but are not receptive to suggestions for other shows .
For those of you who think anime is just about giant reptiles raping schoolgirls , think again .
The others just seem unnecessary and frankly are not too amazing to listen to .
That said , this has really grown on me over the years as a sort of camp classic .
We know that the technology exists for spontaneous jumps through space .
The plot is straightforward yet pleasing .
But eventually she tires of his sneakiness and wants to know more .
I soon got lost with all the governmental politics .
No one thought it could come back , but it did later on , with a couple of new additions .
Only great acting could make this work without becoming an emotional quagmire , sentimental and sappy .
For this girl , everything is new , in it 's foreignness .
So the movie is one big tease , even more than standards everyday real movie trailers .
Once you start to watch you do not want to miss anything .
It has an air of sadness that permeates throughout .
Lillian was actually months ahead of her time with this work .
The movie is presented from his point of view , with the action rotating around him .
The acting is very good for this kind of movie .
He meets a dazzling array of heroes and villains , and has quite a time telling them apart .
A group of hunters who were tracking the buck come along .
Both voices bring out different sides to the same character .
The transition from musical to movie musical is not an easy one .
The husband should have listened to his wife and perhaps she would not have gone on this erotic journey .
The effects when that occurs , while unsophisticated by today 's standards , literally gave me chills .
Shorts , news reels , serials , and cartoons would later serve the purpose .
This film starts out with a spectacular house boat party .
What really stands out though is the insanely poor way the fighting scenes are choreographed .
She has two children by her abusive father which are snatched from her arms at birth .
I have already watched each episode many times over and am waiting to see more episodes come out .
Do not expect more , you wo not find it .
Quite possibly one of the coolest lead villains ever .
And remember that not all things can be put in frames .
Interviews are mixed with clips from the movies or some bizarre recreations .
Small town doctor tries to discover who , or what , is committing a series of violent sexual murders .
This film should be required viewing in all schools throughout the world .
She gave it to me to read after we had seen the movie together .
She is a plain person with an uneventful life who finds herself in a city that is rich and lush .
He was coming to the end of his life and he was confronted to his dream gone sour .
The story moves along at a good pace and includes a twist or two that reduced predictability .
But this movie caught me off guard .
Even new musicians do not cut the mustard these days , as these old rockers do .
Both are extremely likable and attractive .
The best way plausibly to realize the plot 's
This is one of those movies that you have most likely passed by when searching for that movie to watch at home .
Shue never seems to be quite comfortable in her part .
The plot is also gripping and mysterious .
The romantic elements also work because of that reason .
These are what this film is all about .
What if the savage , unrestrained instincts we all repress became manifest .
If you have not seen this obscure little charmer , you should seek it out .
The final scene is one of the most harrowing scenes ever .
The final images presented to us in this story are pretty shocking .
She watched it for a second time with me .
However , his past is still chasing him , in the form of two police officers .
The wardrobe has a spot of current fashion .
The voice you hear whispering from time to time is not explained .
After the house , several other things blow up , for example a television .
Eva refuses , and fortune leads the trio to the same place , ending the affair in a tragic way .
He is a simple samurai who looses all of his wealth .
It 's got murder , racism , facial disfigurement and killer lizards .
I was still very young , and the movie made a big impression on me .
There 's no need to lock the doors .
Life is short people and as far as anyone really knows it 's all we 've got .
I have just finished to view it a minute ago and i m still there ...
If he does not extract and install the heart himself , it 's only because it 's not possible .
The giant monster movie genre with the living mummy movie genre .
It 's dated mostly , but still has a good and interesting story to tell .
This movie maybe really bad , but it is alot of fun .
There is a scene in the movie in which men are all going googly eyes over her .
This is a movie with a good sense of feeling .
Not very much do we get to have crazy fun with a movie that is horror make .
So this movie might not be suitable for everybody .
Keaton balances all three aspects of his lead character quite well .
The road sign through the rearveiw mirror blew me away .
That 's just to catch your attention .
Drew may not be based upon the books , but the story is still good .
Fried , boiled , marinated in hot sauce , squashed and spread on a peanut butter sandwich .
Its screenplay and design are impeccable , not to mention the incredible cast .
And we find out how they dealt with the hyena 's once and for all .
You enjoy seeing them get screwed although its totally wrong and sick .
Both the girl and the watch were sinking , and he had to choose which one , and he chose the girl .
He finds it in a woman recently arrived and from here on the movie is all around this .
Where does this end , in fact it may never end .
Wing is as much of a political thriller as it is an action series .
I was very pleased with it and truly could not ' ask for more .
Humor , talent , romance , and action all rolled into one .
Even with more action , this is still not an action flick .
Take away the sumptuous visuals and it 's a barely average film .
And she is , quite literally , the star of this film .
This portion of the film is almost spot on in that regard .
I can watch it over and over again .
This was an extremely well made film involving faith and family .
The story seems a bit loose , but that 's because it 's not meant to be realistic .
From the very beginning , it holds a person 's interest .
Soap opera like with many surprise twists during its short run .
It made me feel real sorry for him like it was real .
Ah ... but then the story got underway , unfolded in a beautifully photographed and paced film .
Blachere is a good actress and adds to the ungainliness of the character through her performance .
Eventually , he finds himself in the sights of the weapon he has set into motion .
I , of course , found the entire movie hilarious , particularly the mannerisms of the characters .
Just when you think the killer has been uncovered , here comes a twist .. and another . and another and another .
She uses her female attributes to sleep her way to the top .
There was never enough evidence to convict her , yet the jury was swayed by public and media pressure .
West of the movie is a man demented .
One of the beaten wives also is seeking a divorce .
A splendid time is guaranteed for all .
It features plenty of soft core sex , really hot lesbian sequences plus a lot of naked women .
Though given all involved , the movie could have been super .
But their relationship becomes a real life battle of the sexes .
And do not forget that the time for a voyage has come again .
If you 've ever been curious why some girls think guys are gross , well , this gives you a good idea .
However , it 's precisely this slow burning that allows it to profoundly affect the viewer .
Battlestar 's powerful rolling drums and mournful duduks served it 's themes very well .
I never warmed to her in the movie version , but she is better portrayed in this version .
Most of the characters have a longing for things they ca not have .
If anyone has the full lyrics please send them .
Her stature as an actress is more questionable than her charisma , which she certainly had .
Check out lines about curtains , etc .
He does not have to verbalize or rationalize his actions , he simply decides and takes action .
But his heroic death certainly redeemed him .
The pilot actually starts with the conclusion of the previous war and develops from there on .
Despite all of the good things , the soundtrack was atrocious .
There is a double question the movie poses .
She moves in with a guy who becomes her lover .
The old man who is the center of the town who helps out a burglar that tries to rob him .
The viewer keeps expecting the group hug that never seems to happen .
It did not look particularly great .
But they were nonetheless very powerful .
In fact , it actually had aspirations .
Rarely does an independent film leave me feeling as good as his did .
It 's truly a moving tribute to those who lost their lives on that unfortunate ship ...
Their parents just think the guys are filming for a family home video .
It 's a refreshing antidote to some of the pretentious garbage being ground out by the studios .
All are unusual in their way and show war at a personal level .
The cinematography lends the film a polished look .
I wo not say more , as it might spoil this suspenseful and interesting film .
In every scene that he is in hands down he steals the show ...
He is on some places to uncooked to be good to see .
The ending is true to life and pulls no punches .
I wish people would love this movie more than they do not .
The house is one spooky , oppressive dwelling .
There should be no need for black awards shows .
It has speeches that some viewers dismiss as naive or bombastic but that make others tingle with excitement .
His breathing under the hood just before they sprung the trap .
The comedy 's not up to the mark and deserves an award .
Hated his character in movie , but he gives so much good acting to this film , great performance .
But oh well , this movie is all about its well constructed story and characters that are in it .
Yes , but this is not the one you usually hear about .
Anyway , it 's just a pretty darn good documentary .
Sometimes one does not need to know what is being said to understand what is going on in the pauses .
If more time was taken to develop the plot and subplots , it would have a much better effect .
Believe me i saw a lot of movies and comedies but tell me which one make you smile every time you watching it .
Outstanding acting by both principal actors .
It leaves a permanent impression in your mind that you simply can not get out .
Jeanette dancing was a pure delight .
Although the subject matter sounds harsh , the film does not exploit sexuality .
Except , there are no more innocent characters .
However , it is seldom every seen on cable .
But this movie is done well enough to keep it out of the cellar .
Maléfique is a very interesting movie .
He 's either dead or in hiding from agents and authorities of many countries .
After the singing and dancing is over , it 's the other characters in the movie who make the movie work .
It s also operating on more than one level .
If you have not seen this film and plan on doing so , just stop reading here and take my word for it .
They had photos of him sitting in his cage while being prosecuted in court .
There is a bit of blood and violence .
Anyway see it you wo nt be dissapionted
Succinct and unambiguous , it 's truly memorable .
The sound engineering is great , too .
It was a complete success in my opinion and should have made it to the big screen .
It has just enough time to it to hit the right notes .
I 'm surprised that this movie did not get a chance to stay in theaters for more than a couple of weeks .
Panic does not seem panicked at all .
It 's a show that 's very much of its time .
The reincarnation bit , in my opinion , is cool .
You could tell that she was a tough woman .
Adam , on the other is very skeptical towards his father 's actions .
Two loser friends create a game in thier driveway , which explodes into a national sensation .
You 're almost choked by the stench from the city and its filthy inhabitants .
You do not see the mom , but he is a very , very nervous father and it 's included for comic relief .
The scripts overflowed with wonderful , dry wit .
There are no special effects of the mouths moving so it is not cheesy at all .
A great clown if needs be and serious if the situation calls for it .
The story unfolds in nice volumes while you do not even notice it happening .
It plays out like an opera or a ballet .
The guy ends up caged in a chicken coop , and has to watch his girl friend being ravished by the two guys .
He ca not send her back and he can never touch her .
You may be inclined to believe that it is not .
It all comes down to loving people .
This movie is one of my favourites .
That 's what the story is all about .
The role was not written keeping his personality in mind .
Bravo to fox for keeping such a good show so long , too long even .
I found this to be a very interesting and disturbing film and liked it a lot .
That said , everyone should watch this film .
Story builds in interest and complexity .
Story builds in interest and complexity .
Charlie loses everything and all he has left is this little girl .
Suspense is another strong element here .
Here too the film is effective and it should make some parents think .
However , this film is a rare treasure that will stay with us , hopefully , forever .
Turns out this weird metal kid had dug up some old bodies and used their bones in some weird sacrifice to satan .
A few minutes later , this fan is hit by a car and killed .
Side stories happen because they do , and that 's how life is .
But this is an excellent example propaganda .
The actors are all suitable , and you would expect them to be the part .
I have noticed thing that has made me rethink the series , but not dislike them .
Bill points out he 's paid about five or six thousand dollars more for the land than it is worth .
It is a biography of a very complex and extraordinary person .
Hough shrewdly sets us up for the payoff pitch when the young man comes in .
Our movie begins in the woods of a country somewhere in the world .
I would strongly recommend this film to anyone that likes any of the cast members or just likes thrillers .
Remarkable restraint is shown in depicting their delicate relationship .
Walsh was a great character actor who left us much too soon .
This work is striking in its accurate depiction of teenage life at the time of its execution .
The directly has raw talent , certainly not a follower .
Both women are needy , though they show it very differently .
West was a real treat for all of us longing for the past .
Later when she too turns out thoughtful about her life she deserve proper attention .
We accept fully her ability by the film 's end to find her place in the world more confidently .
Why this movie has all but disappeared into obscurity is an absolute crime .
Perhaps that 's why this thing is a masterpiece .
As he gets to know this child he starts to develop a friendship .
There are few really hilarious films about science fiction but this one will knock your sox off .
With very little dialogue , the whole story is told with glances and body language .
West give us hope for the future while paying tribute to the past .
Their relationship will face the test of not only time but also fortune .
It was labeled by many critics to have been a great parody , or unintentional comedy .
The choreography is awesome and the storyline is basic .
Ultimately , it is a matter of faith .
Ishwar has to make a serious decision about his son 's careless attitude towards the responsibilities of life .
Yvonne is such a talented woman and beautiful .
Rarely has so much beauty , magic , and wonder been captured on film .
I was amazed how patiently he created his pieces and how patiently he accepted their end .
The tight 'notwisty plot keeps viewers on their toes throughout .
It surprises me sometimes how good a movie with no pretenses can be .
Lost holds something interesting for everyone .
Their relationship grew , but they did not really .
There is a giddy carnivorous spirit to this movie .
An enhanced stereo soundtrack has been added , and serves the music well .
You could nearly feel the coldness of the ice , because you could see that the storms are real .
It 's hard in today 's climate to do anything original and , at first , you begin to wonder .
Unlike most book to movie stories , this one measures up .
If you have never viewed this film and like old time veteran actors , this is the film for you .
De battre mon coeur s'est arreté , which was boring and unbelievable .
Several features of this film immediately date it .
Her personal life is briefly implied , but it is really her impact on the world that becomes the high point .
Overall a great movie to watch on a rainy day .
The songs are not colorful and dancey , and they are more like ballads .
He is homosexual and because of that has recently lost his job as a radio announcer .
Of course they stumble , but they keep it together which is what working and raising a family is all about .
What we see here seems , at times , to be heart breakingly real .
Very pleasant then but a bit too long .
Their worlds collide and comedy ensues .
Even then it comes second to this masterpiece .
One night , coming from an illegal meeting , he 's arrested and beaten to death .
It 's simply a greatly made one , based on some equally great and strong source material .
It was funny how they had their own personnal hell and how they had to play death .
Cusack moves very freely in spite of his dark defensiveness .
The music and dancing is of the highest possible quality .
That 's when she starts taking matters into her own hands .
Worth every minute in the last analysis .
So real is the visceral feeling of the viewer ...
The acting is not too subtle , either .
The movie 's cast all acted really well .
This as well makes it clear that it is not exploitation .
But such a small flaw , it could be overrided .
It 's tragic , and you know she 's going to end up very hurt , but there 's nothing you can do .
It 's tragic , and you know she 's going to end up very hurt , but there 's nothing you can do .
Someone told me it was originally a stage play , not quite sure how that worked but i 'm sure it was fun .
In the latter , they munched sandwiches while discussing works of art .
This movie was filmed in a magnificent natural environment .
Because if he had not done such a great job with the first movie , we would not have this one to talk about .
The theme is unusual and the script well written .
His compromise towards unethical practice is negative .
Now he wants some explanation , and to get ride of the people how made him what he is .
It 's the little things that make this film work .
There is some lovely and alarmingly funny subtext in the dialogue and acting .
Judge not lest ye be judged is one of them .
It 's the moments when the killer is lurking , somewhere , you just do not know where , that scare you .
The blend of action , science , drama and especially comedy worked so well that made me keep wanting more .
Unlike the other three tales , this one seems to be played out mostly for laughs .
Also the house itself looks beautiful ... and very creepy .
The movie 's success is , no doubt , due in no small part to their acting prowess .
I saw the movie with two grown children .
Each and every aspect of this tragedy was covered in detail .
There are also various assorted body parts .
I still shiver just remembering it .
Although similar plots have been done repeatedly , these guys pull it off well .
I have been a fan of this movie for years and years .
They should have dwelled more on that .
The film lacks pace , but is always absorbing .
Interesting show and it was kind of nice seeing a conclusion .
He really poured his whole being into this role .
Bo is a real fan of ethical grey areas , and he is overjoyed with his new love .
There 's only a few minor shots of her breasts .
Some other competitors get wind of it and the competition is on .
Burke , who has never before or since appeared in a film , is a real gem .
You will feel exactly the same excitement and sentiments as those female actors in the movie .
The costumes are spectacular and the stunt work is imaginative .
It eliminates some of the strength the movie has .
Please , even if you 're not a fan of the silents , take the time to catch this film when you can .
Regressive and discriminatory thinking still exists , and this is unfortunate .
I hope they make another documentary .
The ending features multiple twists .
Men opens on a party at a nursing home .
The chemistry between all five principals sure gels and ' combusts ' , giving an energetic ensemble performance .
Vivid drawings of planets , stars , an extremely well written screenplay .
The special effects could have also be better but i enjoyed watching an older horror movie .
I 'm not gon na say what cause that will spoil the hole movie .
The talk show scene is disgustingly real .
To kill the peace officer who brought him in and in the process killed his woman .
Study this film for how mood and beauty can tell a story .
Mysterious movie with a good mark overall ...
Each actor reaches up to their role .
Sometimes the pace bogs down , but then a burst of graphic violence sustains the story .
Some great lines do not blame the wang freaky deaky sex world too many .
If you are too smart to watch this movie , then you are too smart to be alive .
But after that , the film loses its way in a conventional farcical plot .
Maybe we just miss the eye of the master .
It was so straight , did not accept people pushing him around or judging him for his actions .
The results were not very promising , so it 's nice to see someone in the movies setting a good example .
It shows how the machines were mistreated and that humanity sowed the seeds of their own destruction .
Her own truthful but larger than life style of acting is quite at home here .
I only saw it when it came onto cable .
A good villain makes a good slasher .
He became a poet in exile wondering how to change the world .
The film is a continuation of sight gags that are perfectly taken seriously .
When the two were in scenes together they bounded their lines off of each other , giving fantastic performances .
Most sex crimes were not openly brought up .
Unlike so many other crime films , this one does not glamorize violence .
It was not much of an acting challenge for her as it was a physical challenge , but she handled things very well .
The rest of the film is about survival and not giving up hope .
To be sure , there are flaws in the film .
The movie is obvious but it avoids being totally manipulative for its simplicity .
And then we go out to eat and talk about food .
But hardly anyone has done it so well .
They still do not need to talk a lot .
The scene in the middle of this film was a five minute long fight with the most amazing choreography ever .
He is having fun himself , and if you can just let yourself have fun too , it 's not so bad .
We became engrossed and fearful upon learning of the unthinkable connection between these two characters .
It 's really astonishing that any society could still have such antiquated notions of gender .
Good timing and clever banter at the beginning .
Seven bodies , not a lot of gore , but a couple of good murders , especially the girls ' deaths .
She steals money from her father to begin training .
Nonetheless , this is an absolutely formidable movie .
All three hosts brought something different to the table but they were all fine comedians in my opinion .
It was better then average to me but far from great .
A feat not easily achieved , most audiences are quick to notice the difference in the two .
He runs away from the scene and hides in a building .
And i have to say i feel in love with her , she was great in this move .
The movie also has a subplot with a nutty professor who is working on a rejuvenation formula .
I was laughing one minute and crying the next and was incredibly touched by this movie .
It 's something you should not miss .
You know how it will likely end , but the suspense and interest are sustained throughout .
I feel blessed to have been able to be touched by this tiny giant .
Some people may never feel loneliness at this level .
This movie portrays a difficult life .
Information is exchanged with naturalistic understatement .
Stack plays the deeply disturbed , alcoholic son of an oil tycoon .
However , there are moments when it slips dangerously close to being a parody of itself .
So much for heroism , but they get the job done .
And the movie they made deserves a wide audience .
Just saying you 've got a movie about
I do not know any family who is like that .
She 's a waitress for her father 's speakeasy in a little crummy mining town .
While the turn is not absurd , it is certainly not what you expected from the way things had been progressing .
It has the great triangular shaped headlights .
And from here the cons are start to roll out .
This movie is in an epic in the most classical proportions .
The twist is that since the clan always wears masks , not all of them known who the others are .
The story goes back in time and at the end of the movie we see what the connections are .
His evil , yet charming look captured me right then and there .
If it falls short at times , it does not matter .
Fenwick now had the opportunity to stop the attack .
In this film , the director shows us this truth but allows us to discover it in our own way .
Always go into a film unsuspecting .
I do not understand the pervading lack of ' love ' for its efforts , at all .
What is a little disconcerting is the way the scenes have been remastered .
This will be a different kind of review .
I remember my whole family going out to watch the filming .
Some even may be advised to bring some tissues .
However , it does create some of the most hilarious moments of any film ever .
Being a killer himself that would turn him into a killer snowman .
It is not wildly funny , but it is interesting and entertaining .
He gets out his telescope and spots the dog .
At face value , it 's a modern love story ...
It will , unfortunately , never get the recognition it deserves .
We ca not remember just how many weeks nor just how high it got .
Both of these movies may cause some sleepless nights .
There are other problems , due to the changing styles of public opinion and changes in society .
An unmissable treat for the whole family .
The humor is well balanced , you wo not hurt your stomach on this , but you will keep a smile .
Taking that freedom too far may partially account for the sprawl .
I love this movie from top to bottom .
I found the story pretty damn funny .
Celebi is a very cute and powerful pokémon .
I can not recall a scene where i did not turn to look at people laughing with me .
The former roommates rekindle their friendship and strengthen their former bond .
It presents an unsensationalized picture of violence and it 's tragic remains .
Sometimes they do not care , sometimes they are happy , sometimes devastated .
People also met their dooms in creative and bloody fashion , for instance in a junkyard cruncher .
More surprising yet was the very limited amount of blood actually shown .
Whatever you become in your life , you must never forget that you have roots .
Though not really an art house film .
This is just excellent material and performing from guys who know what they 're doing .
This movie is very entertaining , it should appeal to all .
This film easily fits into many different categories .
Nevertheless , a nice way to spend two hours .
Yet it is the flip side of that earlier effort and approached with just as much in your face machismo .
We witness him suffer through the death of his best friend and then his son .
Dominick put the baby 's life and his own life in grave danger .
The plot is convincingly worked out and exciting .
He looked the part , and he became the character both physically and atmospherically .
Hanks like you 've never seen him before .
He has escaped to a better and safer time in his life where there are no bad guys and he has a lot less to lose .
Instead of flesh eating zombies , the entities are homeless that request change and seem to survive off of it .
Go see the movie and judge for yourself .
Usually , the look of other animated films made me reticent to see them .
Kristopherson had his moments too , far above most of his movie appearances .
She has been rendered cynical and numb by years of being offered up as a sexual favor to her father 's customers .
The brilliance of this movie is that even a competent dentist is pretty scary .
There is an immediate sequence of suggestive traffic signs .
The ' something ' of this man 's life is staggering , but it 's ultimately of his own choosing .
Whether directly or , in most cases , indirectly , but they still do .
He starts turning into an independent man but the rift in the relationship between him and his father grows .
Ferrot has to investigate the murder and all the clues are inexorably against him ...
What a place to visit , to say the least , and one day it may become my hideaway .
Yeh , the suspension was tight , and over some bumps the shocks did their work .
The stunts were pretty good for a low budget show .
And they have to reload a little too often .
To the best of my knowledge , this is the only time that routine was filmed .
There is no way of describing this demented cartoon except to tell you to see it for yourself .
A real window into a specific time and place in history .
Lee clearly likes to ease into a film , to catch action , characters and setting on the hoof , as they emerge .
The repulsiveness starts right away and lasts until the very last moment of the film .
They play their roles straight up , without irony or guile , and so are believable .
I did think , however , that their supply of oxygen was exhausted surprisingly quickly .
However , if you 're a big fan of the original than definitely give this a watch .
The dancing contest vies for the top spot of any of their numbers .
Eye really shows his skills at storytelling .
As you rewatch it , several jokes stand out and get funnier .
Each word in the song is very philosophical and meaningful .
After all , the film 's plot is a bit vague in spots and the acting is , at times , a bit stilted .
And it teaches a lesson too , just be yourself even if everyone around you is exactly alike .
Her sombre clothes and empty and cold house convey her inside emotions very well .
That the problems are true , that the life demand a real engage , guaranties , from each one .
If you ca not get a man to propose to you , you might as well be dead .
The movie is from start to finish , an absolute gas .
Action will never reach this level .
She begs her beloved sister to return .
The car chase is even more intense if that seems possible than the ones from the first two .
I spent a ton of time putting it together .
Her film career never quite took off , though .
The storyline was thick with twists and turns and very entrancing .
Make some popcorn and have a great evening .
Which can be a problem especially with the elderly .
But it seems ' normal ' for you because you 're doing it through your whole life now ...
Do not wait for this movie to come out on video .
What surprises me is what cuts he wanted .
That 's all it was meant to do and it does so .
I like the dinosaurs when they are cuddly and friendly , they are nice , friendly and good .
Please , viewers , consider what is presented to you on film , not what you think should be there .
The story is very interesting and gets your attention since the first minutes .
Comedic dialog and timeing such as this has long been undervalued , and is very difficult to imitate .
The film maybe goes a little far , but if you love the show it 's what you expect .
It is the story about all generations .
A more drastic contrast could not be imagined .
The blend of grayscale and colour photography is near seamless ...
It 's a fun movie that 's more technically sound and acted .
You get a real sense of the layout of the apartment , and thus the proximity in which the two divorcées live .
Some of them are very original while others are best forgotten .
Seldom was there a dark side to any of the characters he played .
Bryans is great here , as the narrator , he had some great lines , i just wished he had more screen time .
The way the director described the story was really awesome .
It celebrates a quality best described as plain old friendliness .
It does not work out as he planned .
And as you would expect about one of mankind 's most horrific wars , the violence is horrific .
The film panders to the base emotions in all of us , but it works .
If you get a chance to see this film , then do .
Weak start , solid middle , fantastic finish .
If she was a beauty with her red hair , as a blonde , she is just too stunning for words .
The way the media are portrayed is absolutely hilarious .
The way the media are portrayed is absolutely hilarious .
The rest of the film is about the characters , how they interact , how they each affect one another .
Yes , indeed , she 's sort of a rebel once again .
I suggested to my horror , action , and pure humor movie buff of a brother , who absolutely adored this movie .
A must see if you are into marines or snipers .
The story however unfurls in a progressively mesmerizing manner , which the cuts only serve to intensify .
Grey is seen as a fun girl who is not fooled by anyone .
Nothing is the story of two friends who wish the world away when everything goes wrong with their lives .
Knowing when to end a movie is just as important as casting , directing and acting .
Very swift story with an unpredictable end .
I 'm not really a fan of some of the seventh season twists ...
He also has an event in his past that has made him stagnate , while things around him literally go to ruins .
Besides , we are now just beginning the new millennium and are not in the time still to come .
In what must feel a thankless position .
Not as action packed as some might hope or expect for a movie like that , but a really good mixture .
Bakshi 's films never know the meaning of the word sublety .
With such accuracy , he draws on children 's insecurities and tendency to exaggerate mundane dilemmas .
I am glad a film like this is bringing the world 's attention to the problem .
Her acting career went nowhere , but her body brought her to the peak of fame in an admittedly fringe field .
His uncle , who works on the railroad , gets
Which all viewers hope will materialise .
Well worth your time and money , if you have the opportunity to see this , please go .
But so is everyone else in the film .
Chan wants to make an historical romantic comedy that just happens to have kung fu in it .
I had seen this film many years ago and it had made a lasting impression on me .
Hollywood rarely awards comedies , no matter how well they are made .
It could have gone much later than it did .
I do not understand your objections to this movie .
Although there 's hardly any action , the ending is still shocking in it 's ruthless depicting of brutality .
You can see the intention in the design from the start to the finish .
These quibbles apart , however , the film is a dream .
Devi tells the tale of a young man who wants to jump out of his skin .
And you do not have to ride bikes or even like them to enjoy it .
It 's so strange to see a sweet , cupid face doing all of these horrible things .
They had time to discuss with each other until the sunrise and anything could happen before they had to separate .
Her song and dance numbers are definite highlights here .
The supporting cast could form a series of their own .
But the whole movie was just great , the cast , the sets , just the whole picture was a great one .
One of my favorites yet , but the plot holes bother me .
There are indeed some original death scenes and the tension does increase throughout the movie .
Vargas is a movie you definitely need to see .
What used to terrify me in junior high now makes me laugh .
I expected nothing more than action scenes and fascinating cars .
Each of the vignettes are likewise compelling for their own stories and conclusions .
I 'm giving ten out of ten it 's one of the best movies ever .
Everyone 's acting a little too cool , leaving little room for main characters to add depth .
Its simplicity of values and sweetness of hearts helps remind me of the way friendships were as children .
Ignore any pans you read about this movie and see it .
The lines are hilarious , and all the leads have never been better .
The anger , the frustration , the shock , the fear , the exhaustion , and the realization of its very magnitude .
And if you are given to faith , then you can appreciate any show of faith .
Of course , the technical aspects are terrific .
These nasty guys and girls are larger than life .
He certainly lost a bonanza by dropping out .
There is a little bit of steamy action , so not one for the kids .
Critics need to review what they class as a quality movie .
Frailty is a film about perceptions of religion and realizing the differences between right and wrong .
It is established that the light does not work in the vault .
He goes through a state of depression and then an outgoing blend of imagination .
Regardless of the accents that is , but it is forgiven so easily by how much the performances draw you in .
But they find the area guarded by a savage tribe and are attacked by lions .
This is truly a worthwhile journey of a film to partake .
The only merit in the film is that earth does face overpopulation .
I believe that this is an extraordinary movie .
This movie is an absolute must for any self respecting movie lover .
While the force relied on belief far more than concentration , the lens is a pure concentration tool .
Now the conditions may be better in most of those countries .
The director of this film did all the right angles and all the right tricks , making this film full of realism .
There are plenty of creepy scenes in this movie .
Part of the problem is that the lives of all of these people do not quite come together .
I think most would agree that from documentaries we expect enlightenment and authenticity .
A doctor searches for him with a geiger counter .
X is brilliantly acted , well written and the music and editing only add to the tension and theme of the film .
Its accumulating sense of tragedy is very powerful .
I ca not describe it in more words ..
Simply because they are different kinds of people .
These web sites can be located by using any good search engine .
In the dark , you are back in the beginning of time .
The art of film criticism is truly lost on a large segment of the population .
I will mention the significance of the latter later on .
Here , the film comes full circle and shows how images can be a point of communication and transformation .
And for anybody who is not , you really wasted a lot of time reading to this point .
Alien says why are you following me .
The score is quite memorable , too .
Now back in the states convalescing at a naval hospital
In working towards this goal , they each have to take a page from the others ' book .
And develop the film to point that it would successfully present the triumph of a man .
Although this film did demand a soid attention span at times .
I love the period of history in which this film is set .
For the most part this film comes off as tepid and bland with a few great scenes and one magnificent scene .
I coughed up some of my egg nog laughing so hard .
I too recall the poison gas attack and the weirdly garbed horses .
But this movie is not just a masterpiece of art and tech , not just an dazzling explosion of movement and color .
Personally , it spawned a collection for me .
The other thing that makes this film so great is the clothes and the makeup of the actors .
With no conviction in the portrayal , the character is reduced to a few stage conventions .
It 's really the animals that make the movie .
It is a tragedy this movie has not gotten more recognition .
Kelso was not in it for the most part either , which did not help .
It 's colorful , dark and detailed .
Do not listen all these other people 's opinions , go see the movie and come to your own conclusions .
It had close falls , plenty of finishers , stolen finishers , raw energy , intensity and fast pace .
Others seemed to genuinely appreciate how good this film was .
The governments of the world order to dismantle machines .
He rushes over and reaches out to his family .
A movie certain not to be forgotten soon by the viewer .
Anyway , the last part is not to bad , so wait for the video and see it then .
The special effects are okay , but the witty dialog will have you rolling .
Some people dislike any movie that is shot on video .
The film has some flaws , yes , but far too many delicious elements to ignore .
The film underscores the importance of family to this man and , hopefully , to all of us .
He is not fussy but brings a rugged realism to the ordeal .
This film was hilarious , there 's no other way of saying this .
Or at least pretty close to as an active performer .
Alvin insists on paying for the call .
Rent this movie , watch it all and laugh your ass off .
This movie will make you think you know when something is going to happen , then it does not , then it does .
Pia 's nervous breakdown scene is good .
Funny people can be thoughtful too .
I could not stop laughing watching this film .
I have not always been a fan , but the show grew on me .
Carlin is a great comedian , but in these movies he 's wasted .
Here the most genius of trash is extremely well documented and duly glamorized .
But this is a minor and unimportant seam in the whole .
A case of being in the right place at the right time .
It was humourous yet just as powerful as the others .
There really are not any shows like it anymore .
A must see for anyone who is interested in a reflective yet comical look at life .
It does not look natural on the top of that rocky hill , particularly with its grass patch in the front .
This film is the most cult movie on metal there is .
Whoever compiled it definitely was in touch with the tunes of each era .
Lawrence is a tremendous talent that should be starring in a lot more films .
There are so many inventive moments in this gagorama .
This movie features not just great dancing but likable characters and a bunch of good songs .
When he wanted to deliver the goods , though , he did .
We saw the silent version of this film , and it is quite simply shimmeringly beautiful .
Her brother trains boxing at a gym and one day when she picks him up she decides she also wants to train .
Certainly not when you 're living it
If it broke differently or they maneuvered wrong , these waves would kill them .
The hate is aptly demonstrated in a great moment towards the beginning of the film .
This film is not without it 's problems though .
The film weaves an intrinsic web of motivations and double crosses that snare you and refuse to let go .
One way of bringing out a central irony in the movie is the symbolism of the opening scene .
It s a must see , just look beyond the casting .
The puppets were also well done , although a little creepy .
For he has become part of an equation which was never meant to be .
This movie is good to just sit down and watch and be entertained .
Even though there is some revenge going on later in this story this film is more complex than that .
Her performance is forceful and complex .
From downtown at the buzzer , swish , nothing but net and the shot 's so smooth , the net barely moved .
Well worth watching with some interesting performances from the entire cast .
Some people laughed till their stomaches ached but it did not deserve that many laughs .
The film has no peripheral characters .
A flawed but innovative and interesting piece of film .
The negative side of life in the city was never pictured on screen so properly .
What sets it apart from other animation is how well the human movements are animated .
There were moments when my spine tingled .
How she longed to be there , in a little tavern waiting for the man of her dreams .
The theme that there is only one religion is truly prevalent in this film .
However , the brave writers and producer chickened out and thought it important to tack on a redemptive ending .
The camera follows the characters , giving a great dynamics to the film .
I will encourage my niece to see this film since she will be inheriting the planet we leave her .
The director also made character that you could relate to .
It also goes down in horror movie history .
But i 'm getting ahead of myself , lets start with the very start of it , when it began .
His life is beginning to crumble and he needs money .
Kriemhild is very successful in her plan of revenge .
The music fits the times and the mood .
There 's no let up in this movie , not even with the very very incredible ending .
The imagery and cinematography are superb , and lend an additional macabre feeling to this complex story .
Seriously good this match was , really .
This was a great movie that had a lot of under lying issues .
But after buying it and seeing it , it was not that bad .
The slow but steady increase of pace hardly allows a break , and there are certainly few light moments .
This attraction motivated him to write his best comedy in years .
The boys wander on over to the new resident 's furniture on the street , and proceed to make it their own .
They had unprecedented access to events and people and , for the most part , let the story unfold as it happens .
This film helps to realize that life is not about how much money you have or what things you posses .
Their justice can be brutal when they feel threatened or humiliated , just like the justice in city streets .
The voices were great , and sounded just like the characters they were portraying .
Each one played their part par excellence .
And then using the scrye spell you can see some weird and creepy stuff on the painting .
He will make you smile and admire him at the same time .
Riley with his little baby and wife in jail .
Tony is a bad ass guy and knows that he 's intimidating and uses it to get ahead .
Last maybe before sun rise , which is also seen late at night alone in the lab .
There is just so much going on in this one film that it s crazy cool .
The film is full of such amusing and at the same time touching scenes .
It does not help that he encounters a strange figure in town , it creates even more doubts in his young mind .
Fenton , the younger son , is easily impressed by all of this talk of demons and destruction .
I have not seen it since , but would love to .
They begin as enemies and end as best friend .
He 's never going to go dancing down the street in a fit of joy .
A young solicitor in sent to a remote area to wrap up the estate of a recently deceased client .
Over all the film is a great place to take a date ...
It is a very good way to learn some of the basic medical words for example .
If you have not seen it , you have to .
Because there is a good story around the naked rituals and sex scenes .
The performances in this movie are absolutely riveting from start to finish .
It turned out a particularly satisfying experience .
This is always on your mind as you watch this funny and engaging film .
Neither the story nor the characters are simple in this movie .
O brave new world , that has such creatures in it .
Who ever came up with story is one sick person .
They have never played roles like this before or since and they are completely different from usual .
I liked the dancing but that was like out of nowhere .
They got the dialogue , clothes and attitudes down completely right .
It will hold your attention every second while you are watching , and stay with you for a long time afterwards .
Willy wakes up and picks up the phone .
He quickly moves deep to the world of gangs , and becomes more ruthless than anyone else can possibly imagine ...
The game is not very challenging , but it s lack of challenge does not take away from the game at all .
But this masterful film proved me wrong .
Every movie can not be an academy award nominee .
So the fact that some people are not interested in details should not detour your from viewing this video .
The old master teachs to young aspirant .
The colors of death , evil and hellfire .
Aiken 's understated style is remarkably old soul for someone his age .
The film is a masterpiece of poetry on the screen .
Let 's hope that the world is not going to end up like this ...
America , either lock these guys up or put them in charge .
Some of the best movies that are categorized as comedies actually blur between comedy and drama .
At the end , the gates to the factory are being closed .
Credit is also due to the filmmakers for breathing life into the setting .
It s greatest fault is that it was obviously made on a very cheap budget .
If he loses he has to walk down the hall at school with worms in his pants .
One , two , three , many , many viewings .
His name seems to be an imprimatur for top notch cinema .
It 's a gesture emphasising the intimate nature of corruption , whether moral or physical .
And no , it never changed our sexual orientation .
He just works his way up from the big bosses to a beautiful wife .
I found the story to be very believable for the time it 's taking place .
I feel sorrow for the people affected .
Nature , in the wild , can be violent .
My high school public speaking contestant was right .
I found it to be better than the short story it was based on .
Go see it , whether you like dancing or not .
This one took place high in the mountains , which showed some nice scenery and such .
A true cinematic experience for young and old .
It 's supposed to be a fun , yet stupid movie , that does not require one to think , only to enjoy it .
What fallows is a series of gags , most of which work , there are , however , the occasional flops .
The movie was not bad , nor was it great .
It was a very different movie , enabling the viewer to have a glimpse into another life .
Considering when it was made , the animation is of superior quality .
This film deserves to be flown high and proudly .
Drew , while in the beginning does seem to rub you the wrong way , actually will grow on you .
I got to hand it to the two as well , for making a film like this work .
Russell , my fav , is gorgeous in this film .
No movie provides more sheer entertainment .
It had layers underneath that exterior civil war story .
They kill , but only out of what they see as necessity .
The staircase scene in particular , these guys are good .
Many questions are left unanswered and this ignites the imagination .
An absolute diamond , a film i still have on video to this day .
About the form of of life 's nooks and desire like fight 's form .
I was watching this when my wife called to inquire from the other room as to my choice of fare .
Her facial expressions and body language become more attractive , and focus mainly goes to her .
Here it is just more pure and as heartfelt as ever .
Here it is just more pure and as heartfelt as ever .
His mother is depressed , his younger sister is a pain , his older sister is somewhat accepting .
It 's very cute , silly , the girls are hot , and it 's fun to watch .
In fact if you can see the ending coming you should become a writer yourself .
In the meantime , a huge rainstorm hits .
Candy is not innocent , yet she 's very vulnerable , constantly being passed between and slapped around by men .
It 's mediocre and silly in parts , brilliant and classic in others , with compelling , gripping pacing .
Since here , he do not going to be the lonely and routine man that always have been .
No surprises there , since you know they 're going to triumph .
The watching experience is like you 've been sucked in another colorful , romantic and sometimes rough world .
I loved that the band was just a five guys on stage in a very minimalist environment .
The suspense was palpable throughout .
In fact , his perforamnce literally steals the show .
This picture has a singular voice that will echo throughout the annuls of film history .
The film is rather lengthy , but it is a story , and each moment counts .
Where the matrix films show us the human perspective , these short animations tell both sides of the story .
I liked this movie sort of reminded me of my marriage .
Backstabbing , gossip , corruption , and scandal lurk in every dark corner in the world of glitz and glam .
I was amazingly impressed by this movie .
Trust also becomes a much valued commodity , and loyalty too can be traded for wanting to set the slate clean .
Kalifornia is a movie about lost ideals .
It really takes you back to your youth and puts a new perspective on how you view your childhood memories .
If the few minor flaws were not there , this could rate even brighter and higher .
You will have to decide that on your own .
It contains action , comedy and excitement .
There is a backstory for most of the major characters giving them some depth .
By now i memorized both the plot and the lines .
Lost is completely unique and original , you wo not see anything like it .
The lead actors worked so well together .
There are some flaws in the film , of course , but they are very minimal .
The film may sound gross but there are a lot of messages in it .
I urge people to look it up and watch it .
Broinowski is not deterred however , and slowly puts the pieces together in front of us .
It is brilliantly shot , with lots of interesting and original camera angles and techniques employed .
For all the clever noir points in the screenplay the end is by far too easy .
The doomed love scenario is the one that works least well .
What this movie and enjoy all the stereotypes we have about two blondes .
I 'm always intrigued by a story of hope and overcoming life altering events , and this was no exception .
I also think that the character chemistry improved a bunch , making the show all that more fun to watch .
I look forward to reading what others suggest are the reasons this film is not well known .
The second half of the movie had me grinning and laughing the entire time .
Eddie 's ability to paint hilarious pictures in our minds and do great imitation is captivating .
The homes shone with gleaming woodwork .
Would make a good screen shot , though .
There were no ex 's popping up or characters threatening the relationship .
I 'd recommend it for fans of the original .
It 's funny but it gets a bit repetitive .
A simple in noway pretentious low budget industrial splatter flick packed with great make up effects and gore .
I finally found it available in a certain store and bought it .
The fact is this movie was shot entirely inside a studio .
With his outrageous and flamboyant style serving as a vehicle in its portrayal .
I 'm no fan of newer movies , but this one was a real pleasure to watch .
And yet he has a way with people , a way of affecting them that extends beyond his fame .
But the actors turn the dialog into something that makes sense .
Each of them have struggles and emotional difficulties that are never expressed , but implied in subtext .
Sometimes , he seems as surprised that he managed to defeat a foe as we are .
They are the themes of slavery , the mistreatment of the working class and racism .
But my second problem was very minor , having to do with the goriness .
The first part of the movie , though strange , has a light and amusing quality to it .
Actually , get drunk whilst you watch it ..... on cheap champagne .
Not all families can rely on fidelity and it may not be as simple as that .
Understandably because of this the film is seldom aired or available to modern audiences .
If you like a good story slowly and carefully told then this is for you .
Just be aware that this is not a regular film and it is not for everyone 's taste .
They certainly do not make movies like these anymore .
It 's totally self referential to the point that you think it 's going to fold in on itself like a black hole .
Buy it , make a big tub of popcorn , and curl up with someone you love .
This works for most of the film but the finale feels like a cheat .
Boy meets girl , they fall in love , but something stands in their way of eternal happiness , the classic story .
The ' horrors ' of the photos have been proved .
It must be seen to be believed and it does a good job of wrapping up some confusing ideas presented .
In truth , the devil is trying to drive her insane enough to kill herself before becoming the next sentinel .
The look follows closely the fashions of the times .
Roman is an interesting blend of opportunist and human being , whose fate is determined by her better feelings .
It is still titillating , but not done so readily for shock value and buzz as done in the first .
They showed their life for about a year .
They showed their life for about a year .
But it becomes sweet when he befriends an orphaned girl who can talk to animals .
The love scene involving grocery items has to be seen , it can not be described .
I would recommend this movie to any and everyone .
Her character goes a little over the top but she is convincing and horrifying all at once .
From a writers perspective the film is brilliant .
Though the level of detail is not terribly high , what there is is great .
Death is also there , as flesh dies sooner or later , after years of life and instincts , it dies .
It 's very easy to get emotionally attached to all of them .
Other indoor scenes at various mansions , etc are equally brilliant .
The real merit of the picture is the cast .
I really hope that they can work again together .
One of my faves , it really is so cool .
Average western viewer would not get few references .
His singing is , as usual , simply faultless from enunciation through to timing and phrasing .
And he handles the screwball twists and turns , maybe not with ease , but with gusto .
And there 's good reason why so many critics like this movie .
At the time it was actually a huge box office success .
There were rumors of the place being haunted and the last resident went crazy and murdered his family .
Cross is also very good , carrying the stature of his character very well within the context of the picture .
One of my favorite guilty pleasures .
In other words , it predicts our inevitable destiny .
This is also where our couple arrives in the end .
Leonora , you are becoming conspicuous .
Instead , it was going to try it s best to be a good movie .
The movie is amusing , a good action work , plenty of fights and heroism .
Fay 's knowledge and experience has total changed and expanded over the course of the narrative .
But there are many extraordinary things going on this episode that i just ca not hate it .
I guess their parents did not explain the difference between fantasy and reality .
They 're the real thing , their interactions have the fire of real friendship and the focus of reality .
Whether you choose to regard it as optimistic or pessimistic is up to you .
All he does is bemoan his fate in the original poem .
I think if the race film genre continued , it would have better .
However , for the student of early sound films and history , it is a jewel .
If you have a chance , by all means catch it .
Detractors of this series tend to argue that it 's formulaic and hopelessly dated .
Also there is not any drugs and violence on it .
Regrets and hopelessness claim some while power and success take others .
Electrician , the guy who keeps everything running .
He soon uses the pictures he taken and puts them on display at his work .
Although there is a bit of travelling , when we get to the woods and the beach .
I love the origami parts and the big ' twist ' at the end .
In my opinion , this expresses it all .
Hitchcock understood that people go the the movies to have a good time .
A magnetic attraction evolves whereby he proposes the next day , the mother alarmed telegrams the husband .
However , it may not be for everyone .
The story is a bit trite , but handled so beautifully that you do not notice .
A film that i heard a lot of times , but i do not dare to see ... until two hours of write this .
The acting is better than you may expect to find in a movie like this and the directing is more than adequate .
I would recommend all to see the movie .
The plot is average and there are some slow spots , but all in all this movie is a real pleasure .
Sometimes it s just not the happy ending you think it should be .
Really , at first , we must say that this is not really direct cinema , it is more cinema verité .
The killer 's mask is childishly creepy , and seeing cupid firing a bow and arrow at a victim is really freaky .
Palance is , unsurprisingly , a chilling villain .
Seeing as the vote average was pretty low , and the fact that the clerk in the video store thought it was just
A great series , clever , scary and daringly supernatural .
Leave your expectations outside and enjoy the ride for whatever it might be .
Certain elements of this film are dated , of course .
But their nighttime battle against the lions is thrilling .
I ca not agree with any of the comments .
I realized that this project was not suitable for traditional animation .
The summary line is about the best way to describe how this show plays out without giving spoilers .
I particularly love how other actors interacted with him on film .
You can not not be impressed by this movie .
Those are the peak comedic moments of the film .
I particularly liked the constant namedropping .
I ca not remember many films where a bumbling idiot of a hero was so funny throughout .
Well , the swatch lined up perfectly and the mystery was solved .
I understand that the creators of this show wanted to use the star power that these guys have .
But she kittenishly refuses to tell him her name .
So the energy pushes audience back from the emotion of the film .
Anyway , rent or buy this movie , it will creep up on you and stay with you for a long time .
Besides that , this movie is actually pretty scary , and it succeeds in it 's intention to do so .
Despite this , the guy finds her and they continue their kinky games .
Showtime got the ' clean ' version .
Arthur has always been a personal film for me for two reasons .
The characters were not only lively but alive , mirroring real every day life and strife within a family .
It 's enthusiasm just for being made .
It is perfection in its storytelling .
Movies are more often than not merely cinematic candy , whereas films are true works of art .
Quaid is sensational as the title character , very convincing .
If he kills her , there may be an end to the troubles of this misunderstood boy .
She holds her own against much more experienced actors .
His comrades are killed instantly , but it would seem that they are in fact the lucky ones .
Holly is a touching story about an impossible connection between two people .
One day , the son gets expelled for bringing a pornographic toy to school .
The story also bill with forbidden loves , sorceries and vampires and religious fervor .
I agree , the chemistry between them is not as strong as it should be , but for me it was fine .
It is a fast paced , interesting film with two of the silent era 's best stars .
The characters are all enjoyable , and the film did not leave me disappointed .
Kane , it is in some ways perhaps a film you might admire rather than love .
She wants love but will also accept money .
It also poses interesting questions about justness of revenge and limits of friendship .
Visconti always had something to convey .
Things just happen to fall into place and makes everything click .
Apart from that , the movie was very creative .
Living your life for yourself and respect for others .
These slasher pics are past their sell by date , but this one is good fun .
I found this film to be a good family film .
The fact this movie got made at all is a miracle .
We desperately need benchmarks in regard to which to measure ourselves .
There are several surreal and very unsettling scenes that have remained etched in my memory all this time .
He uses his wits to piece things together .
In a slightly twisted story , the woman begins sleeping with the handy man in an effort to revive herself .
I hope to see her in many more film projects in the future perhaps venturing into other genres .
His direction defines what great direction is .
The very last part of the movie , when the credits roll , gives a hint of what it could have been .
They are right , but more than that this film is a call to create awareness of what we have become .
Most of the clip is a black screen with several sounds playing in the background .
Surprising anyone who saw it back in the mid nineties .
It had one or more famous celebrities in the middle of it .
Now it s true that the acting is a little rough .
The puzzle round in front of the press and audience was done well .
Earlier she was slightly snippy towards
And the same applies to this reunion and flashback movie .
Forget what you think you know about this film you 're wrong .
The real mystery is revealed by her .
It 's all in the figuring out of how that leads to the who and why .
Under the rocks are the words , and some of the words are theirs .
Under the rocks are the words , and some of the words are theirs .
She is shocked , excited , stunned with the revelation .
It is always sad when fringe movies such as this are overlooked by the majority of filmgoers .
I hope you 're happy wherever you are .
It reaches a happy medium with the effects and story balancing each other .
And bitter pills are always more difficult to swallow than sweet ones .
It 's undoubtedly the strongest part of the film .
This kind of drama is a rarity in a cartoon , and would be most welcome in the ones created nowadays .
This comedy is a good lesson for life for anyone .
Mom is but a distant memory , and the housemaid makes a cameo .
I thought this was an utterly charming film .
You expected something more and you got nothing .
Story had a unique and interesting arrangement .
Story had a unique and interesting arrangement .
As such it transcends the family movie genera and simply becomes a good film that everyone can enjoy .
In fact , it is a quite noisy film , without the inane chatter of most flicks .
My copy intersperses lots of bells and gongs and adds an eerie feeling when the village warning bells are rung .
It 's quite a versatile performance .
Celebrities party endlessly , they like to be seen at these parties , and to get due exposure in the media .
He finds both , but not in the way he had expected .
Griping to the end , he sees a helmet like device by a scientist , and puts it on and tries it .
Defeated clans often escaped into the mountains and disguised themselves as demons to scare the locals off .
They were not conventional in real .
The cinematography of this film is impressive .
Some of the reviews here seem to be treating it as a more recent movie .
Once you 've watched it three times , however , you 're not going to stop there ...
In addition to the script , the production transcends the fantasy genre .
Ashraf volunteers to take his place .
The story is essentially about a case that was reopened , based on the testimony from a dying drug dealer .
Out with the old and in with the new .
These folks were just so talented with what they do and how they do it , for competition .
That one scene where you see his eyes thru the mail slot gave me chills down the back ...
On the other hand , if you like sly comedy and broad satire , this is for you .
Some students have died , and she saw everything .
Shefali pitches in a finely nuanced performance and matches the superstar at every step .
The baby is gone and soon , so is the dingo .
You never knew who would be going when .
Imagine all the people living live in peace .
The twists keep on coming ... and coming .
This manifests in the prominence given to the soundtrack in just about everything they create .
It 's also a peek at an icon for both men and women .
Good film about obsession and mystery .
Ryan was both the writer and the director .
The later series were not as good , watered down and just not as much fun as the first three .
They all laughed will be recognised for the fine work that it is .
Candy to find out who stole the microfilm and then retrieve it .
It is about an apprentice witch who is searching for a missing portion of a spell that she needs .
I told a number of friends about this movie who chose not to view it ... now they wished they had .
I told a number of friends about this movie who chose not to view it ... now they wished they had .
While some of the humor is dated , every skit will either shock , repulse , or make you laugh out loud .
The women here are stunningly beautiful and they are naked most of the time .
It played twice over the course of the festival .
Where both differ is in their execution .
It observes family values , romantic relationships , and age group characteristics with equal aplomb .
To enter thebiz , talent is necessary but far from sufficient
The audience was laughing all the way through .
Alas , all good things must come to an end .
In fact , this movie has the same subject as the documentary .
He is willing to use violence and know how to keep a story going .
I think this is one of the better relationship stories out there .
But his legacy will live on forever .
Physically , several of the actors are astonishingly beautiful .
The music , the characters , the story .
This is possibly one of the best films of all time .
Her smile really warms up the screen .
There could be much more about his extensive travels and diplomatic missions .
And in the end , his dad does not take him back and rides off on his motorcycle right in that kids face .
However , the movie did tend to get a little long in places .
I actually cared for one of the shooters and could understand their actions and why they did what they did .
This show has the potential to be one of the best series , if just given the chance and time .
I can think of only a few movies that made me laugh more than this one .
More faithful to the book than most movies of its era .
From there the movie picks up speed as the girls head off to school and to life .
Once they live there together they find they ca not live without each other .
This production needs its seven hours .
It was funny , but it still was out of sync .
Arnold 's parents do not seem to understand how to deal with their son .
I even had to psych myself up to see it in the daytime .
His triumph is an inspiration to all .
They were the exception though because everyone else including myself really enjoyed themselves .
What starts out as a very predictable and somewhat drab affair is in the end quite hilarious and entertaining .
He looks like a normal old man , but what we find out , is absolutely terrifying .
Some of the more hardcore beats reinvented themselves as hippies a few years later .
Definitely one of my desert island films .
This is sure to bring out the kid in you .
You really get the feeling of being inside this imaginary nightmarish time warp .
Todd finds a camp filled with civilization on this planet that the military dumped him on .
The creepy and lurid story frightens even in the present days .
Most of it is of medium difficulty but sometimes it gets more difficult but not frustratingly difficult .
Wu is absolutely superb , with his clean and crisp voice , honest acting , and a total chick magnet .
The film industry is shown as sleazy , with casting couch being a common phenomenon among filmmakers .
No matter the brainwashing , love has a way of persevering .
Also , for anyone who likes cars it s a pure treat .
The whole movie creates a very bizarre atmosphere , and you do not know what to expect or who to suspect .
The dialogues were sort of ordinary yet brilliant , and the script was also fantastic .
Karen goes upstairs after hearing noises when she encounters a frightening ghost .
This film has not been censored in any fashion by anyone so the thoughts that you see are very raw and powerful .
He worked so well he was made into a regular .
And in fact , those points were extremely effective .
Otherwise it was beautifully told , directed and edited .
By the end of the film , the stories all come full circle , some turn out happy , others sad .
Sometimes love at your final moment is enough to accept one 's leaving of this earth .
If you stay , you will be rewarded .
Since it was set in the ' simpler ' forties , we get what is supposed to be a typical family of the era .
You are no longer youthful , beautiful or touchable .
She felt as if she had outlived herself .
The box is very nice and it comes with a free booklet all about the series .
If you are feeling beaten down , this movie will free your mind and set you soaring .
The locations and beautiful technicolour cinematography , bring us back to a time long since past .
The songs are all picturised well especially dekhne walon and the main title song .
The woman only makes about five appearances in the film .
He shines in material like his role opposite
Virgin has a similar humor , but is perhaps a bit more vulgar in some of its jokes .
Simply one of the best comedies and films ever .
I ca not help but think that maybe it missed it 's mark with certain audiences .
Not much in the way of special effects as these go but for suspense it was very good .
In a movie about the choices we make and the consequences we live with .
If you are viewing this show for the first time , you may start wondering if you are in an alternate reality .
I thought it made the film much more interesting .
Well , when you think about it , that 's what evolution should have produced .
You rarely find a movie which feels so realistic .
A must for any punk rocker , this is the movie that made
He got attention in the form of a beat down form the two other men .
We need to build three shows in three days , so lock the doors and let 's start rehearsing .
Putting the mini movie at the end was a great idea .
Argonne thereby became the first national laboratory .
She was remarkable , quite restrained and yet conveyed a broad spectrum of emotions .
Well , the movie is not exactly funny .
Some of their differences go back to a childhood incident where they inadvertently caused the death of a vagrant .
This is a well done product that used modern technology to craft a imagery filled comic era story .
The film had many fundamental values of family and love .
He chooses a ladies ' room in one of the subway stations .
He appeared in many , but most are not available .
Early in the film , there is a famous tracking shot that follows
Obviously , this ca not be an event driven film and it 's not .
He answers any and all questions dealing with sex and relationships , usually in the crudest way possible .
The surviving parent takes on the roll of both , and tries to teach the important lessons of life .
The fight is over , but the scars will always be there .
So buy yourself two box seats , some popcorn , and get ready for a fun time .
The characters are developed further .
So , many people had true faith in them .
I give this movie one of my highest ratings .
His only true friendship but also by definition another in the long line of betrayals .
There are no uber ace pilots or large scale fleet battles to be seen here .
Of all the threequels that came out last summer , this was the best .
The aim is more focused , the satire is better focused , and to be honest , it 's funnier .
His painful bloody death brings everyone closer .
It 's an extremely spooky movie without any musical stings or splendiferous special effects .
From a modern sensibility , it 's sometimes hard to watch older films .
The only thing that mars this beautifully filmed movie is the excessive guilt , and a strange ending .
The show audience will mostly record it .
Great stories and a great cast and nothing else to weigh it down .
The man , begin to discover certain things .
This is about love but not stupid things like in notting hills or those kind of movie .
This film is an hour or so of good entertainment and has some genuinely funny moments .
She seduces them each with her uncanny ability to conform to the personalities ' they exhibit .
I do not think she was ever satisfied .
If you want a laugh , camera movement and criminal hilarity , look here .
It is well written , and full of all sorts of the usual low lifes that populate these films .
They lose half their livestock to the vicious winter .
It is about the government trying to keep the people down .
His character is more malevolent than usual .
Meanwhile , film 's crew is shown making the film and we view their reactions to the story and each other .
An inspirational movie , showing that determination can overcome all odds .
The characters are interesting , vibrant with primary colours and all .
The sex in this film may not be as graphic as in once was thought to be .
Most of my memory of this movie was the completely erratic sexual behavior of these two guys .
And then at the end , it turns out to be true .
Like any good mystery , you can see the pieces slowly falling into place as the movie progresses .
It strikes a chord with the audience .
With a special spell the scrye you can see certain things that otherwise would be invisible to you .
The beginning of the movie is presented in a very filmi way .
He begins to fall in love with her and decides that as her condition has worsened he needs to make his donation .
It 's enough to bring a tear to your eye .
There was a documentary side to the movie too .
Amitabh gave the performance of his life .
She even has all of her fur coats placed in the dungeon of the extraordinary castle she inhabits .
The movie depicts three siblings of a middle class family .
Also , bring kathy back to see her niece and help foster her life .
Randy soon learns that his uncle , and by extension , himself , is not exactly popular among the town folk .
First , her hands shake as she tries to put on mascara , but she soon degenerates into a stalker .
It is extremely funny , although it does not capture the feel that the other seasons did .
It can be watched by anyone who like adventures , and a little bit of ' ghost ' movie .
He watches the actions of people in the real world sometimes getting involved somehow .
He is adequate as the obsessed psychopath , but at times a bit transparent .
The plot was clear , consistent and well thought .
Code veronica 's graphics are very good , the fire and rain effects are great looking .
Just do not watch it while comparing it to the first ones because it 's nothing alike .
Carrère loves his child , and for a while believes his wife will get him out early on bail .
It simply amazed me and my friends .
Eyre was , in many ways , one of the first novelized feminists .
Streep 's performance actually is little more than a cameo .
The club is now filled with zoot suiters and swing dancers .
It 's definitely one film collectors want to add to their collection .
Tom discovers again his ability to love and care .
The makeup effects are for the most part quite good .
I happen to like it better then its predeccesor and happy to like it better than alot of movies .
His subsequent books were not as powerful , but showed his continuing quest .
This is what makes the movie so goo .
This is not an action film , nor is it really a romance .
I love dog movies and comedy movies so combined they were twice as good .
Initially out of curiosity i decided to watch it .
Whipped is a realistic portrayal of the dating world , one that the critic 's failed to recognize .
I guess fantasy trumped realism that year .
She gets there and the parking lot is full because there is a lot of last minute shoppers there .
In fact , we have already seen him in action , doing what he does best .
But even the voice acting is far better than much released today .
Also , the movie is gorgeously shot , costumed , and set , making it a visual treat in every way .
I sense out there a mix of confusion and varying degrees of personal taste in the reactions to this film .
His denial of it all begins to crumble around him as she weaves a spell only she has the power to do .
It reminded me of my childhood dog .
Characters plotting their own play promises triumph , and a militant character readily lends oneself to this .
The masses get to see what they want to see .
He displays his comical side and it was really weird seeing him get beat up .
I did not know what to say , it breaks my heart that people can be that evil .
Check this out if you are a fan or curious .
Check this out if you are a fan or curious .
A lot of the ambiguities in the play were clearly resolved one way in the flashbacks .
That they wanted to see the peoples confront on the streets .
The way the plot was constructed with the ending mirroring the beginning was great .
Like the first , this also brings up some loaded ethical questions .
The art set decoration and other aesthetic facets are all mesmerizing .
He is so good at playing the put upon husband .
But that was often all that came of it .
Nolte more than pulls off the role , and fits the plot quite well for what it 's asking .
Whatever you call it , it remains a sharply satisfying thriller .
My son asked me how the bird knew so many phrases .
She then turns the situation around and she becomes the beast and proceeds to rape him .
You have a right to say what you said but you do not have a right to curse with your words .
It 's also a great rental for an inexpensive date .
Buster knew that we film our world with a camera , rendering it a two dimensional image .
But what really solidifies the movie are the venoms themselves .
There is definitely something to be said about how they treat virginity in this movie .
The rest of the aspects of the film are not without flaws but they will not disappoint any action fan .
And yet , something just does not hang together quite right .
They shock because their evil is petty and tangible .
West , except two thumbs up and see it before it went away .
If any such family existed in real world , it would be a role model for us to follow .
Nanette may have been dearly loved by her sons but their father is a different story .
Second story has a violent young criminal visiting a psychiatrist for mandatory therapy .
They rarely deal with major disasters or catastrophes , but with the everyday .
The writing , directing , and acting are brilliant .
It is a fairly low budget film , with technical limitations frequently showing through .
Regardless of a few flaws , this is a moving film , which stirs all sorts of emotions .
This movie opened my eyes as a small child to the struggles other children dealt with and real world issues .
His exchanges at the beginning while cold or harsh , were not out of character .
He even has the sheriff in his pocket .
Such a horrifying testimony about how some childhood trauma can turn a man into a monster .
Then they finally break into the school and it starts storming .
They deserve justice and their homes back .
This movie is essentially about a man good as pissing people off .
Everybody who is not insane , believes that .
Second , there is the music and sound effects , which are inseparable from each other .
Now , there are a number of illogical things in this movie .
The fact that most of the actors were not professionals , made the movie more tangible and more realistic .
When he wakes he is relieved , and mops the floor .
I must warn you , there are some spoilers in it .
It puts you to think and it does well transmitting all the angst .
There is something very literary about the film , almost as if a novel has been adapted page by page to screen .
Cut to some years later and a new housing community is built over the old reactor site .
The sets and costumes are incredibly lavish without being too gaudy and over the top .
Maybe a family reunion or something .
As for the acting , lots of celebrity appearances not shown in the trailers .
One was normal and the other was more feminine but it was not over the top .
However , the scene with the rolling boulders has been burnt into my mind ever since .
Good special effects , may be scary for the little ones .
The filmmakers took advantage of the opportunity to deliver a raunchy , yet funny little film .
It was beautiful , it was pure and it was touching but it did not magically solve all her problems .
Smetimes , that 's what a movie needs to be .
Lake seems is , in many ways , a haunted place .
It 's just plain fun and in my opinion this film tops the first one .
This is the stuff that heals nations , this is one of our great national stories .
What happens after that is one hilarious moment after another .
Some twists and many action scenes .
But it is bigger than that , and it will unfold a part of the doctor 's personality he did not know .
Wayne has to deal with the usual romances and detective work .
This move is loved by many types of people , men and women , young and old alike .
Slavery is gone , but in the south depicted here , it seems as though blacks are using other blacks as slaves .
When she falls apart because he kills another kid it was amazing .
The plot of the show is very believable .
Viewers fond of either format will find enough of the story rooted in their presentation style of choice .
This proves that not only big productions make great movies .
By the nature of the film , it practically demands that the viewer look inward as well .
In this way , we shall find space between these to fit smaller stones , our small necessities .
I was very impressed by the look of the film , too .
Our imp of the perverse did good his first time out , that s for sure .
The movie may not have been theologically sound or high quality acting , but it touched my heart at that time .
I am glad they still air this show on television .
A strange departure from the faithfulness otherwise shown throughout the film .
Levy also turns in a hilarious performance as a sleazy filmmaker .
Give us something new , something fresh , something funny .
Every time i watch an episode i repeat that line and remind myself how good of a show this is .
This is a woman who men are drawn to .
Although her later films pigeonhole her to that same role , this film was made for her ruggedness .
Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change .
Anne was so right for the role of the chatty , heartwarming orphan .
The film is finally being released in video where it should have debuted in the first place .
Hayes is in there somewhere , but you miss him in the crowd .
There is an electric sense of hope and optimism that change for the better is coming to the festering barrios .
Jackman is an impressive fellow , glamorous and dashing .
It said , for fashion and passion whip along to your local store , with a photograph of a woman 's back .
Really kind of lovable , and very funny .
Even though there are no new episodes , and it is rarely showed .
Perhaps this disparity reflects the time between the film 's completion and its first public screening .
The patient seems to have some type of agenda but the psychiatrist is up to the task .
This is always a problem with long , complex dramas .
But instead he takes matters into his own hands .
The filming the actual match and aftermath was astonishing .
Nevertheless , this movie has enough good points to get my recommendation .
You may have to check for a pulse if you are not moved by this sequence .
I believe she comes from the world of television soaps .
This is movie 's weakest point , but if you can overlook that , it 's loads of fun .
There were many high spots and many more brutal bumps and awkward landings .
It 's only about a bunch of guys who tortures an innocent young girl to death .
They know each other too well to hide their inner feelings , there is no need .
Her role as tough and crude domineering woman will be repeated several times in posteriors acting .
Magic is not too strong a word for the spell this film weaves .
Some of our biker friends have seen the film two or three times already and ca not get enough of it .
Four cases are reviewed , and all of the plaintiffs also play themselves in the film .
Nevertheless , this is one of the most interesting early films conceptually .
However , if you have ever had a dream to do something with your life , this film is for you .
King as a dangerously seductive , smooth operating , stone cold nasty gangster .
Which gives it that more cinematic feel .
This film will inspire and make you feel for this man 's struggle .
By and large , only those with earlier stage training exuded confidence .
Just enjoy the quality of the film , the storyline and one of the greatest actors of our time .
And , while the two leads have done enough to be known to most , they were completely unknown to me .
If you did not then trust me and watch the movie .
I like it because of my recent personal experience .
He finds the substance , but is infected by it 's remarkable radioactivity .
A kid with ideals who tries to change things around him .
You wo not regret it , if you go see it ...
Disguised sexualities are also one of the key issues of this somber , poignant film .
Again , the rules have changed , and in this case it 's hard to tell if there was any chance of success at all .
A man entering the country illegally is killed after a card game .
One word can describe this movie and that is weird .
Great idea ... if you ignore the screwup factor .
I do not know what the basis is for others ' comments that the film is unrealistic .
My criticisms of the disc are not that important .
It was funny , gross and just all out a very good movie .
Tess is definitely a gifted filmmaker .
It 's a very good film , and one that could maybe stick my attention up when on too many coffees after midnight .
One of my relatives is sick of seeing this movie because she studied over it in music class .
The character is very well written too , yet performed even better .
One of the few films to do justice to this city , and a good film to boot ..
Another one of those fact is stranger than fiction pieces of film .
I bought it twice and some little girlfriends absconded with it .
Both men have had enough of the man , and well pretty much everyone , in extremis .
Sure , maybe you like it , but maybe it does not ring true , or you think it 's cruel .
The most entrancing points in the movie are the entirely cinematographic ones .
The supporting characters are absolutely hilarious .
So the judges often chastise the men for behaving in a primitive way in these times .
This involves him selling out , and the movie has some serious points to make about journalistic integrity .
A fine piece of captured femininity .
There are actually some very funny jokes in the movie .
Theron , though , was offered more work .
The animation is passable , with a nice variety of locales and characters presented in interesting detail .
Go down swinging , get one last punch in .
The musical score is evocative and the images are powerful .
Beringer 's character proved to be heroic and honest .
We all agreed that it was one of the most exciting things we had seen .
Military training films are becoming so common that they are becoming a genre unto themselves .
It works on many levels , and has a complicated but followable plot .
Pretty hard to believe , but this was based on a true story .
The advice is for him to cool off for his own good .
It is not entirely factual , but it 's far more enjoyable .
The fighting is basic , not to hard to pick up , the fights with the bosses are rather fun .
So even though the film appears to be very modern , it has a very old world feel of incarceration .
They have no choice but to fight their way out and soon find they are out of the frying pan and into the fire .
The two lead roles are performed to perfection .
A whole lot better than the last one but it 's filled with a few dated jokes .
How the police work with the political party being what it was ...
I wanted to see it again as soon as it was over .
It would be hard to make a film like this , always on the road .
When the two arrive at the airport , they are immediately searched for drugs .
The movie has a slow pace and a dark , moody , frightening quality .
Overall the trip itself was crazy but people act different once the camera is on them .
His plan is to rape her , but she manages to escape .
Just like in real life , sometimes the truth is so evident that one ca not really see it .
It can leave a viewer feeling like he 's treading on well worn ground .
Thus this movie was truly a trend setter .
I understand that , when she was announced for the role , many people were skeptical .
Then it evolves into something really compelling , as the gauntlet is set .
A sentimental story with a sentimental sound track .
Stormhold is the world outside the wall .
A good , muck around version of western .
The dogs and the cat are excellently trained .
But what they talk about is just what makes life worth living ... or dying .
In the beginning it 's perhaps a little bit slow of pace , but it really grabs you as the story unfolds .
It takes a pretty good actor to deliver an overwritten , clichéd line and make it sound vaguely believable .
There is some wonderfull computer animation and the voices are great too .
Each had their own personality that were overall pretty unlikable , but that 's what just made the film work .
I love the mix of awesomely made fictional scenes .
They made the movie two years ago , not yesterday .
The rest of the levels are very good , but pretty short .
It 's quite simply a dynamic , memorable performance .
That is why it does not sound at all unusual , because we have heard it a thousand times .
Smith does well as his feminine interest , deftly transmitting her emotions for the viewer .
Perhaps watching again will change that .
The shadows , lighting effects , and camera angles are all effective .
Again only for the true fans , there 's no way around that .
The story is simple enough , boy meets girl etc ..
Barman 's screen debut will not make as heavy an impact as his music debut .
The action scenes are as exciting and kinetic as anything you 've ever seen in any action movie .
It rages in him as he hunts down and dishes out his brand of comeuppance .
We watch , we return , and we thank them .
Watch it and be grateful for the chance .
After a thrilling set of two , we get the final installment .
I stress that these reports are uncomfirmed .
Holes is generally a very cool motion picture .
This film does make the viewer a little uncomfortable at times , but that is its intention .
The film as a little bit confusing at begin with , but soon you feel a part of the action .
I have lost count of the number of versions going around .
Trust me , in the end you will have a weird and inexplicable feeling .
He is , of course , big and strong enough for the heroics .
Their friendship becomes an inadvertent hellish relationship .
There 's just the man and his rifle .
On the surface , its simply a cache of random movie clips smashed together to make a movie .
Is not a true historical report and not all information is to be taken as factual information .
The way that this movie was made , the scenery , the actors , the props and the music was just amazing .
I thought the movie was charming , and it has a moment or two of real magic that make the whole thing worthwhile .
The short answer is would not we all whilst the harsh reality is that only a select few got to do so .
Sean is comfortable in his homosexuality and wants to be honest about it .
Many are quite regular , unassuming people .
No reason to repeat rwint 's accurate comments here .
I was surprised at the low rating this film got from viewers .
When the camera is still , there is a postcard like quality to the screen .
Chavez was rescued by military helicopter and returned to jubilation .
According to what the surfers said , we can clearly knew what they felt when the big wave came at them .
This little gem rewards patience and thoughtfulness .
Stanwyck 's glory years were behind her , and yet she could still carry a film , as she proves here .
This movie is a case , and the viewer is the judge .
Nothing great , but a nice time filler .
This framing is also clear if you have seen
It 's a funny , cute and very straightforward movie .
The character study is not just about the mind of the con artist but the victim as well .
They both are in the school 's volley ball team .
Pacino has this way about him where he can say anything in anyway and make it sound just great .
In this movie he tells a simple tale of hypocrisy and revenge .
It 's natures way of telling it in a song .
Enjoy and try no to tear up during the sad parts .
He takes a job that his uncle has arranged for him as a purser on a luxues train .
There are many illnesses born in the mind of man which have been given life in modern times .
A horseback rider get chopped in two and his waist and legs keep riding the horse .
Fox proved she is capable to play a hot starlet with her head in the clouds .
Paul is just out of jail , and his past is not entirely behind him .
The acting was tip top of any independant film .
In my opinion , this is a pretty good celebrity skit show .
It 's a stage play , adapted for the screen .
Against explosive firepower , bitter cold and dizzying heights .
The manner in which the story ends is one of sacrifice , love , and devotion .
The shootings scenes are bloody and the violence looks realistic .
The actors and special effects were good .
The latter keeps the narrative moving at a fast clip .
The film seems to be professing something about how the mind is like a labyrinth .
The movie depicts complex human emotion very nicely not with over dramatization .
And if you do evil , you will get evil .
But these jumping tracks fitted in well with the carefree feel and even the score was worked in rather well .
I will admit it is very ambitious , with the subject matter .
The acting , directing , and script is all perfect .
Louis had an innate sense for motion picture taking .
Everyone needs to stop being so critical of his acting ability because he is just starting out in movies .
I would love to see this as a full feature film .
One is in jail , one has found religion , one is an alkie , and one has sunk into dementia .
The armies of good and evil , black and white , are superbly realized in both visual and literary terms ...
The college debate in the beginning of the movie states the cultural situation that gives birth to that movement .
The stop motion effects could have been a tiny bit better .
Take a look and think like a child .
So many low budget cam corder looking movies are coming out these days .
Dunst was good as the love interest .
Adult wit and adult situation , that are handled with finese .
I am now in college with a private pilot 's license and looking to become a commercial .
Great story with great actors but with a terrible end ...
But the characters are likable , the story is engaging , the soundtrack , production and direction all work well .
It becomes necessary to recruit men when the casualties outnumber the survivors
Kudos to the writers for at least getting that theology correct and giving a good message .
I was watching this movie at one of my usual time , which is real real late at night .
It shows you that transvestitism is a feature , rather than the entirety of one 's being .
It becomes quite clear very quickly that these two are well past eccentric .
Beautiful , sad , shocking , romantic , ...
He is condemned to death for murder , because the husband 's death by poison came to light unexpectedly .
Barney , cant get the songs out of my head .... must ... stop singing ........
Raines with her expressive eyes was an under estimated actress .
Well worth your time , all four hours of it .
When a person steps on a smaller fragment of ground , it nods a little bit as if feathering from the weight .
This movie made me laugh from the beginning to the end .
Estranged from the human race , he seems to live his life as some kind of entomologist , studying his colleagues .
The skyline and city development is critiqued quite harshly , and ultimately the city evolves along with the film
The supporting actors acquit themselves well .
She becomes a snare , her heart is a trap , and her hands are chains .
I 'm not a fan of battle royal 's , and this is yet another average one .
Not only does she also give us laughs but it is crazy to see how brightly she fuels the story .
I love the symbolism of this guy in a glowing white suit .
While the abuse was hinted in the finished product , it was not outright shown beyond a certain extent .
I guess its hard since it was her first performance and being so young .
But if you judge this show by the last season , of course it 's going to come across as inferior .
The medium and its artifacts , for once , are not the message .
Therefore , it would be the safest policy to leave them out of the conversation all together .
The theme will really get you to open your eyes .
Mr sicko , for most of the murders .
I would love to see more horror movies like this one .
The parents fit snugly into their roles .
It 's the night each year when the dead return to relive their deaths .
There is a musical score that provides an undercurrent of dread throughout this film .
Personal taste rules when it comes to talking about movies such as this treasured little gem .
Tarzan can kill it with his ubiquitous knife if the blasted saurian would hold still .
Usually , these movies require all four of those elements .
They are both searching for that part of the themselves that they have lost and trying to find again .
He is very very good at what he does , but he 's getting old and tired .
We ca not stand to be stuck in traffic , let alone forcibly and unjustly removed from our homes .
Stuff explodes , and that s all that matters .
It was subtle in scenes in the second half , but stirring and dramatic in the crowd scenes .
Not to many movies in it 's genre have the same original story lines , or colorful dialogue .
Age related artifacts are kept to a minimum and digital anomalies do not distract .
Both are in abundance in this film .
He is not portrayed as the cutting edge like most epic heroes .
If you pass on this film you will be missing out on one of the best performances of recent years .
Not the fault of the actor in most cases .
This gives him a chance to display those talents in a little time travel story .
While the movie and acting is pretty bad , this movie is still a fun one to watch at night and even dance too .
Kudos to the writers for handling this froth with wit and levity .
While the script is a bit lightweight you ca not help but like this movie or any of the characters in it .
In no other play has his dialog been more sharp , nor the lines more musical .
She also brings across genuine toughness .
A well deserving film and one that should not be forgotten
The story is focused on a young girl who is victimized by her abusive father .
When they make camp , the team discovers a giant burial ground and more strange bones littering the area .
Alot of boxing movies seem to overblow the blood .
The pilot also allows for newcomers , clearly presenting its plot and ideas in the first part of the episode .
Brown was not actually diagnosed with cerebral palsy for some time , which was left out of the movie .
They and other construction workers vow to strike after a fellow employee dies from a faulty equipment accident .
No one , of course , and the film has much more to offer than just a great cast .
Even after repeated viewings , it 's going to make your day .
I have watched this film twice now and think its quite good for the limited equipment used to create this film .
The rest of us who deeply love this movie do not care what you think .
I suppose you do not get to meet everyone in class , though ...
The murders themselves are rather good and imaginative , however , and provide some major highlights .
That 's quite surprising , considering
We were not expecting a movie as full of win as this one was .
All is peaceful until a flea comes bouncing by .
Lucy did not fit the mold of the old studio system .
A true team effort that has given us a truly ground breaking movie .
He gets deep into character as a jealous and murderous man .
Whether or not you have helped yourself , you have helped me .
Like a good short story this movie leaves the viewer to himself with questions he can only answer himself .
Emil it turns out was already married .
Plus it needs to be seen with part two to be complete .
It is goofy and the film was made to make you laugh , which it does .
Will all of you please lay the hell off
If you are looking for action or for intense drama , this is not the film for you .
The rest of the cast were terrific and followed the plotlines very well .
West gets a lot out of the locations .
It does the stage show justice in a way which can probably not be bettered , which is good enough for me .
The photography , art direction , acting , and especially directing , were seamless and impeccable .
This movie is a movie to watch if you just want to sit , laugh , cry and then pee .
I can understand every part of it , this is a movie that will make you cry just a tear , or thousands .
Albert is grand as the agent and a bit over the top , but all agents are just that anyway .
Background music score and the songs are outstanding .
I have not seen him much lately , but that could just be me .
The love triangle causes some strain in their friendship .
He directed this movie a bit like he creates music , it 's a mix of everything .
Her ability to strike a balance between vulnerability and unrestrained emotion is simply incredible .
Putting the old jokes in a new show is definitely the wrong approach .
Though , not one of the reckless teenagers has organized this party .
After that he begins searching for more candidates to receive donations .
There 's an abundance of zombies that seem to come out from everywhere possible .
His mom is still there , but not as central as past seasons .
I loved the exotic dancers that accompanied the steel drums .
Grim , but intriguing , and frightening .
I love this movie , but ca not get what is in this movie tht is not to like .
More than a novelty , this film is funny , frank and fascinating , yet moody , mysterious and morose .
This was shunned upon release , sad considering that more talent is involved than the first time .
And most of the episode plots come across as palatable .
Mahatma did not do that , he is true leader who leads by example .
Of course , the greatest tragedy of all is that the sequel was never made .
The spirit of baseball oozes from the earth like petroleum .
None of that really matters , for this is a tale of friendship and trust and the limits they can be stretched to .
He finally finds him holding his dead baby sister where he has been tied up in a cellar .
He meets a girl and falls in love instantly as does she and this is really what the movie is about .
It 's only when we love that we 're truly alive .
The story is not very intellectual and deep but that is not what you expect when watcing an action movie .
They talk and takes her to the basement were they become flirtatious with each other .
The movie at some points just stood still .
Oh , and the death sequences are the best .
Here the apartment problem is reduced to a teaming of two men who ca not stand each other .
They are there , in the foxhole , and when shot at , they react .
Some guys think that sniper is not good because of the action part of it was not good enough .
This plot deals with racism and it is the more deep storyline to the movie .
They did not show us a nighttime picture of human light pollution around the planet .
It works in the film , but it would have been better if the song was more memorable .
I taped it while watching so that i could review it later .
This is a film you will not soon forget .
Without spoiling this part of the story too much , it involves the morally ambiguous nature of his father .
It is a very sincere and sad ending , but a great one .
The sound was particularly great and the setting was really creepy beautiful .
You need to read the book to fully understand these things .
I do not think most people give this movie as much credit as it deserves .
From the opening sequence to the ending , the animation is so lush and detailed , you just have to watch in awe .
The director tells off the killer in front of the cast and crew .
Going out on a date with his girl is rather typical for all teens .
I only splash out if it 's really worth it .
Some of the voice actors became unavailable .
By robbing the jewelery store that their parents own and run .
If you like adult animation , or would like to see a film that is different from most films out at the moment .
This has to be , hands down , hats off , one of the most uproarious comedies ever made .
But most importantly it reveals the restoration of the church .
She lives in a tiny apartment with her large family whom operate a clothes shop within the apartment .
A deadly disease is spreading around ...
I would recommend this film to anyone and everyone .
She may have looked too young for the role , but that works well for the way the story unfolds .
It 's an issue that has to be constantly addressed .
Now it 's just too bad that they never made a soundtrack available .
At the beginning it says based on a true story , sort of .
Zane heads a team of players who obviously really wanted to be in this film .
Kazan kept the action going at a good clip , there 's very little down time in this film .
A movie is the best thing to show off how funny she can be or how she commands attention .
I do not expect many of the white people to understand any of this because they never had to deal with any of it .
I wo not comment on the plot anymore cause you have to see it for yourself .
As expected , some items had not held up as well as others .
The acting is good across the board .
Dietrich 's costumes are out of this world .
It was aired in the middle of the day on a channel not exactly famous for airing good movies .
It helped me to regain my optimism and hope that anything could be changed and anything is possible .
Manoj bajpai is simply brilliant as her remorseful abductor .
This is certainly among her better films .
It is a very funny and clever movie .
All of this happens in a little over two hours , which is short by today 's standards .
The dangers of diving prove a further setback when he loses a leg due to an accident on board ship .
Holly is one of millions of children who are sold and trafficked every day .
Both of those elements are harped upon repeatedly in the short episodes , and there 's no real plot to be seen .
Over time , they form an unlikely friendship .
The families , thee tradition , the love and respect .
Some of my favorite parts of the movie were the opening scene with the whipping and the barn shooting scene .
This film went under the radar after not grossing much at the box office , and is not even a cult classic .
It 's a mystery , an adventure , and a romantic comedy , but it 's mostly just a good story .
She 's no wimp , and some of her dragoon magic is extremely useful .
He hides his shame and swears to get his vengeance .
Bobbing along , bobbing along on the bottom of the beautiful briny , sea .
Battles that never seem to end in fact .
The animation is superbly done with rotoscope , which is tracing over live action footage .
The following seasons the character where fledged out .
She 's finds out , where he 's from .
Fortier 's plot are far more complicated ...
Arthur attends the funeral , and from that scene on , we do not feel safe .
These are the moments that make me go to the movies and enjoy them .
What we get to see what ' embedded ' journalism should really be .
It reeks of sulfurous death awaiting the perpetrators of world war .
This movie has little blood , but still provides good scares .
The comedy hits hard and is fairly constant .
This man is disgustingly effeminate , rude , heartless , and very dangerous with a sword .
The special effects , outstanding for the time , are still reasonable , and actually hold up if you squint .
Essentially this is a coming of age film about choosing the path you want and fighting for it .
This is in many ways a heroic comedy .
People who hate musicals will despise it , as will those who take musicals too seriously .
Many films present a vision of the future , but few attempt to show us how that future came about .
If you do not buy rent it for a good time .
One of the few films that uses deliberate cheesiness and gets away with it .
Some of the things they say , how they plan it out , you 'd just have to see it for yourself .
But in all seriousness , it was good .
Where this movie came together for me was closer to the end .
The multi player , me and some of my friends agree , is very good and challenging , even if there are no bots .
But it 's also just a really strong feat of cinematic technique .
The core issues of parenting , communication and manhood are explored indirectly .
In spite of all this , it s a must see .
Granted , the dialog is not always very sharp , but the material is compelling every step of the way .
If you 're not a fan of the old series , you will hate this .
I watched this film not expecting much and not knowing anything much about it .
This thriller starts off at a good speed and carries you through to the end .
This was evidently long before he cultivated his good guy image .
This light hearted comedy should be enjoyed for entertainment value .
Goldie just knows herself really well , and she knows what she can do really well .
Whenever the blob consumes a person , it grows bigger and bigger .
I love low budget horror movies and this takes the cake , especially for originality .
People were so tough on this movie and they had not even seen it .
That imbalance of course , has been created by crime and disease .
Yes that s right , they use records in this movie .
This is by far and away the most memorable role of his film career .
As a result , the characters and dialogue both seem very natural and believable .
Cheers to the director and all the actors .
Their desire for each other is so strong that they torture each other because they can not have each other .
You really want to know how things are going to work out .
Instead , she wakes up days later as the pawn in a frightening plot .
Joe that he can eat ten worms in one day otherwise he will come to school with worms in his pants .
For those with such interests , then this film is a must see .
The man who uses the boy is more sharply defined by the time the first third is over .
Anyone who has ever built a house , will find this movie very endearing .
Sky goes deeper than any other film could hope to .
The writing , the acting , the animation , all top notch .
Possibly the coolest hot rodder in the world .
Goebbels motivation in backing down was not explored .
First of all , this movie 's plot is not possible in real life .
This is where she thinks back to her honeymoon and the actions of her husband and an insect .
This equals on big happy movie in the end .
Their deep love for each other was expressed completely by words .
I will gladly side with the majority this time around .
He wo not give the police any information about who he is or where he lives .
Wonderful romp , wonderful premise , period piece done with acute eye for detail .
Cinderella is gentle , kind , pretty and lovable .
Dixon can not reconcile these calls for restraint with his own extreme and irrational hatred of all criminals .
So the whole show is about living life .
Altough he is an actor , he is also himself and a very lovable person .
The orgasm in the ward is both sexy and amusing .
Running throughout the movie are references to marriage .
They wanted to have fun , to have a nice weekend in the nature .
The relationship of them become affect by the feeling of guilty and the investigation of the police .
As far as things about the film itself , these are my thoughts .
This movie is inspiring to anyone who is or has been in a tough jam , whether financially or emotionally .
This ranks as one of the greatest children 's films ever made .
Cast is really very important for viewers to like it .
My wife liked it so much she asked me to log on and rate it so other would enjoy too .
Orco expecting any demons at all , because you wo not find them here .
I 've been reading through some of the other user comments and decided to put one in too .
If anything it is a tribute to the infectious humour and musicality of the black race .
Roy was a unique and intriguing taste of a time and place rarely represented by film .
Not a mainstream flick and not like anything you 've ever seen .
She hires an assistant at work , with her true intention being to find love .
It is beautifully written , smartly acted , and tightly directed from a script that keeps you biting your nails .
Thank you s much for allowing this film to exist .
So , watch it and decide for yourself .
Although filmed in a widescreen aspect , the film goes to some lengths to give an impression of contemporaneity .
Listen to the rhythms of the dialog , especially in the early scenes , their is poetical cadence to them .
They have all the difficulties you might expect a hardcore redneck couple to have .
He ca not express his feelings and as a result feels lost and distant from his own world .
In a sense , the film represents the merging of humanity into his tools , his machinery , his technology .
She lies about her identity and takes a job packing oranges .
I have gotten the privilege of seeing in the theater , although he is my favorite .
Comedies often have the unfortunate reputation of having little real depth .
Everyone bluffs and double bluffs , which is reminiscent of a poker games natural order .
See the film and judge for yourselves .
In that movie , their characters are both city employees and the plot is extremely intense .
From the first scene you are given clues as to what may be going on here .
Although they met the first time , they talked like good friends .
High schools have became battle fields of conformity .
This movie is a classic in ever sense of the word , even camera angels cry out comic book .
The plot held thick and entertaining throughout , keeping me attracted .
The script reveals some historical facts overlooked or suppressed in earlier film versions .
Once his plan is set , nothing will be able to stop him .
I do not hand out ten star ratings easily .
Soundtrack is pretty good an apt to the movie .
She complains that she has killed several and leaves .
There is a small grain of truth in that .
Whatever she films , you get it in the end .
I had to think about the film for a very long time .
It is always good to see him when he plays psychos or really bad people .
She is picked up by a home contractor , who has sex with her on the hood of a car , but ca not come .
A somewhat typical bit of filmmaking from this era .
Something fun about watching money be blown at a super rate , especially from a kid 's point of view .
There is no real tragedy that made the other animated movies special for us .
The film had a positive message , and was fun to watch .
Morse is okay as the agent who comes up with the ingenious plan to get whoever did it at all cost .
This is a romantic comedy with the emphasis on comedy for a change .
I still have not figured out the color scheme and rationale .
Then when he got tired of being not seen , the team tried their best to bring him back to the world of the flesh .
As the character himself states at one point , he is a professional liar , unable to recall the truth .
They probably used up all the glitter in the nearby stores , and some of the costume designs were pretty good .
The direction of the mass scenes in the rehearsal rooms was enormously well done .
The actress did a great job , but the director did not .
Remy 's inability to fit in seemed to justify his anger as well .
Even in his life today there is no mention of any involvement of females in a romantic way .
This is a must see for anybody who loves thriller 's specially political thriller .
When not searching for food , they spend their spare time using their imagination to build their dream house .
This takes the easiest and most shallow route , simply portraying him as a monster .
European short , black and white and low budgeted .
They stuck with the show and it was a success .
The police always accuses him of everything they can think of and they keep harassing his family .
What impressed me the most , was the care taken in the animation .
Never does the shock and dramatic serious crack the rule of comedy .
Live through it and then make comments .
For any story , that is the highest form of praise .
Many will also know that strictly speaking it was not his invention .
One message from the movie is the importance of raising children decently .
She becomes a personal seamstress for a rich lady whose husband is trying to swing a business deal .
The people that you see are a step beyond even the stylization of the mumblecore movement .
The film is shot at a better location than where the mini series was shot .
The film moves very fast and keeps the audiance entertained .
Marie is the only ape that dares to be sexy .
There were times when this picture mentioned so many characters , probably too many .
The curious character development is indicative of a nuanced and well schooled writing team .
The narrative flows naturally , the dialogue is witty , the characters are memorable and the execution is superb .
Not only that you 've got to be brave , athletic , cunning , etc .
It 's a very gory start , and bodes well for the rest of the film .
Quite unexpectedly , there are some fine moments of dark comedy in the film .
Any movie buff would enjoy this film .
I would reccomend this film to everyone .
I 'm usually very good at figuring out twisty plots ... but this one had me .
What really distinguishes the film , however , is that undercurrent of sadness throughout .
It 's reputation truly proceeded it .
The movie 's prime flaw is the slow pace which might test the patience of a lot of young viewers .
Taken on its own merit , it 's a dressed down version of the horror genre film .
Most of them are shot in the same manner with the same twists and turns .
Another user wrote the ages of the commentators should be shown with their summary .
I felt awful watching this documentary , it was like reliving the nightmare and it still brings tears to my eyes .
This is a meaningful comedy for the whole family , which is becoming rarer and rarer these days .
How they expressed the characters , especially the horses , through their animation are spectacular especially .
They are all heroes in my eyes , cause lots of honest people would not do that .
The cast is another strong feature of this film .
I will admit , you probably will despise this movie if you know nothing about rap music .
Not only are the voices good , but the score used over the series is quite impressive .
I can understand those who dislike this movie cause of a lack of knowledge .
It was a simpler time , and people laughed at stuff that was funny without a plot .
This is a great film and unjustly buried film .
And the two men 's chemistry is believable and never strikes a false note .
I am surprised than many viewers hold more respect for the sequel to this brilliant movie ...
The story is poetic , substantive , and creative .
More importantly , why is there a bathtub in a school bathroom .
He 's got a keen ear for dialects , it seems .
To be perfectly honest i was not disappointed .
This movie works because it feels so genuine .
The scene in the club throughout the movie is dryer than a bone .
The actors are maybe not so handsome or beautiful but they do act beautifully .
Striking a quick flash of energy that transports a human to another world .
It 's not really a movie with a story to it , in a sense of having a beginning , middle and end in it .
Only because , back when these movies were being thought of and made , that s when ideas were fresh .
I also did not realize the series flopped .
I found it creative , funny , and idiosyncratic .
That 's where the complication arises in this movie .
Also , the writing was very strong .
The plot in many ways was determined by the result on the pitch .
They can be fussy , yet they should be patient as well .
It 's funny , but it 's not pretty ..
A hood and a mobster like his old man .
That 's what i mean by more fleshed out .
His previous life and his new life in movie was correctly elaborated to the audience .
Sky surely stands above all of his other films .
There are scenes of reconciliation between various characters , and the final scene of the movie was brilliant .
It is hard to imagine him as a gunslinger .
There are way too many subjects avoided in cinema and eating disorders is one of them .
I liked the scene at the end with the judgment and all people of all nations gathered .
When she does something more out of the ordinary , you have to admire the girl 's resourcefulness .
The story never lags , and the characters and their actions are always involving .
So it 's too long and the plot just does not hold up but it 's still worth catching .
It is truly one of those frighting , funny , childish shows that you wo not forget .
He 's the real murderer and he fakes his alibi .
It 's theater acting at best but then this is still as said before a semi documentary .
This show is just good clean television .
It makes him very popular with the locals but most certainly does not help with his bank account .
Either way , it makes the movie worthy of a second viewing .
Charles , unaware of his ulterior motives .
In it 's own special way , this film tells an important story that in quite incidental the football .
The inhabitants of this neighborrhood find the covered up facility when some kids fall into a hole inside a cave .
Bite on the hook over and over and , man , you will see the sitcom genre from a whole new prospective .
We were able to witness what appeared to be realistic training regimens and equipment .
The premise was good , the story fit where both respective series left off , and here 's my favorite part .
And actually , it 's really sad to see some of the famous faces that have come through also .
I think that he could be the angel .
He forgives his wife and takes her to a movie .
As usual you really ought to see this film in a movie theater .
In desperation the king hires the dragon hunters to stop the world eater .
However , when it gets to the future , it 's just plain fun to watch .
Spetters was attacked by the critics for it 's extreme sexual sequences and denounced as trash .
His innate dispiritedness and reticence fit the blue mood of the film perfectly .
Many years later some of that damage is still lurking and waiting for the right moment to show itself .
Giulia 's emotional instability is only equalled by her prodigious sexual desires .
People have relationships , some go good , some not so good , it 's just life .
Also , there are the people who kidnapped the girl .
It 's very watchable and very lovable .
Overall , a great film for a rainy afternoon
I would recommend the video for an evening of family entertainment .
Some of his energy , which he still has , does not come across full force .
I ca not stand it when people go see a movie when they know they wo not like it .
It 's a place where men can be boys .
To take the cold war conflict and transport it to the future .
My girlfriends like the boy actors and my boyfriends like the girl actors .
He 's really portrayed as a likable , admirable character .
This is what he offers to us constantly through his work over and over .
Anyway , i saw le huitieme jour again yesterday .
They want him to join the resistance , but he 'd rather go live with his brother and get a job .
You can literally taste the sadness at the end .
When he 's off peeing , she answers his cell phone and takes a message .
The story is amazingly good , with drama , comedy and romance .
But it 's really more a matter of adjusting to the different style .
Use of lights to achieve desired affects of suspense and unexpectedness is good .
But you have to watch for when they reload .
And of course , all the episodes on the volumes were interesting , and very cool .
And how sometimes it takes many different creatures to make up a herd .
One of the first murders comes rather unexpectedly and really gets the movie off to a good start .
My father showed me this movie as a child .
She is merely permitted to listen to the live commentary .
I have certainly said some foolish things in my life .
One gets clear examples of the private media , as a formidable force for mass deception and propaganda .
These two people become very acquainted and there is a romance that starts to bloom .
The film is an independent with little to no budget and the film is shot on camcorders .
This piece is brave , not afraid to go over the top and as satisfying as they come in terms of revenge movies .
The gorilla looks just terrific , and the eyes were especially lifelike .
But this is not for the lazy or simple .
Papaya also is not great but at least these films have a certain charm ...
Kirk manages to get back to the library first .
The view was great from outer space .
The film gets you involved with the characters and really makes you wonder what is to become of them all .
The whole movie was really clever and the people who watched it with me loved the movie too .
True , this movie started slow , but as the movie wore on it became more to my liking .
The beginning was pretty good showing the parts that lead up to the big battles .
You wo not forget her once you 've seen her .
Low budget , but very entertaining .
I love the bright colors vs. dark imagery .
Beautifully photographed with muted colors floating against grey that captures the nostalgic tone of the film .
When she would not let him do that anymore he killed her , the ultimate form of control .
In truth , the second half is someway the better , being full of greater incident and more fantastical in nature .
I believe in that with all my heart .
It will make your girl friend either hug you or leave you , but at least you will know .
His films generally are not deep , but they are often entertaining enough .
This is a film that will hook any viewer from the beginning .
Big budgets also have an upper hand in these things as well .
I recommend this movie for those who can appreciate spoofs and parodies .
People say that she did not show any real emotions in this film .
Please understand that getting it does not necessarily mean you 've gone through a school shooting .
He stands in front of us and calls himself a pervert .
It is absolutely superior to citizen kane , apocalypse now or chris markers sans soleil ...
His discomfort at this lets you see the depth of his yearning to change himself .
My wife did not realize what a gem this movie was when she picked it up .
It 's a very sterile atmosphere that permeates the film .
So many moms , dads , sons and daughters could surprise you .
The girls ' family , see , is cursed .
I was surprised about how good the writing was .
The story itself is nicely told and very obviously adapted from literature .
I 'm impressed with the entire affair and think this is a must see for the entire family .
The production designs are just stunning in this movie .
Went to see this movie with my brother and his girlfriend .
Baldry the soldier , when they were growing up as playmates , but has settled into spinsterhood .
The movie features singers , dancers , actresses , and actors who were popular but forgotten today .
It gives the realistic settings , but also gives us characters we can believe exist in that era .
However , there is so much overt sentimentality you can practically cut it with a knife .
With just a bit more writing it could be a classic .
The end of a beautiful partnership that produced some quality films .
Life standing as one of their greatest achievements .
The acting is superb , as always expected from such high profile players .
The actors are the main force holding all together .
It is not your typical nunsploitation .
It was full of exciting matches that were not memorable , just disposable fun .
Fortunately there are a few funny scenes from time to time .
The great reunion of a once famous , pick one please , team , army platoon , theatre group , singers , band .
The sea and the sky are strikingly blue , the islands green and untouched .
Pollak 's film is not all warm fuzzies , however .
The show was hilarious to say the least .
Because of her chubbiness , boys do not seem interested and it pains her .
Yes , the world now seems like a better place .
Stanwyck knows her sexual allure is her weapon .
Its still fun going around some wierd disturbing place , shooting the guts out of zombies .
It 's a comment on the strange , random world we live in .
To call this episode brilliant feels like too little .
If you have time , check this one out .
Rather , we are treated to the director 's eye , his vision of what the story is about .
The sweeping camera angles and breathtaking scenery beautify the story even more .
I 'm not surprised it has such acclaim and touched so many because it does leave an impression .
This is probably his best performance to date .
The movie is entertaining , funny and a little shallow .
If you are not moved by that scene , you do not have a heart .
The story is the film 's greatest asset and it 's a creepy one too .
What follows is the men 's nightmarish explorations against the hostile violence of nature
One had the feeling that they would all like to wind back the clock and reconsider their brutal actions .
A humorous , but poignant look at family , and the obligations that come with it .
It is not often that minor characters like deputy sheriffs have more brains than their headlining superiors .
The plot is fairly standard but effectively executed .
In her sixties , she 's still a work in progress .
My advice to everyone is see it for yourself and make up your own mind .
There is no greater crime against peace than the refusal to fight for it .
The surprising turn of plot at the end makes it interesting .
Nanavati knows how to tell a story , both in writing and on screen .
After several episodes , no nipples yet and you can go beg for a cock .
Jaffar tries to flee on the mechanical flying horse , but another shot from the bow finishes him .
As with a bunch of guys at school we must give this a thumbs up .
Walken , doing a movie based on a fairy tale , and he sings and dances .
You have but to look , to see it for yourself .
This gets very corny when the actors are given to recite a lot of high minded messages at all times .
While none of these are exactly intellectual fare , on a kitsch level they are immensely entertaining and fun .
These are not distracting and really gives a great back story .
The places are real , the event is real , and so are the characters and the extras .
The excellent writing shows they had to have lived this story or know someone whom did because they nailed it .
I watched the complete movie and while mostly predictable , it was still enjoyable .
I 've only seen this a couple times since .
If that 's not the case .... well , you know the drill .
The depression was here and jazz age babies who survived on an endless round of parties were frowned upon .
Excellent plot within a plot within a plot .
With the help of her animal friends , her true identity is revealed .
Or , if you enjoy people on extreme stunt actions going bad , you will also have a great time .
While this had a very noble goal at the time , it just seems phony today .
Holes is a fable about the past and the way it affects the present lives of at least three people .
The series should have been a three part story , his childhood being the first part .
This is what a real thriller movie is all about .
You ca not look away nor can you stop listening to them .
Something that a vast majority of films today do the exact opposite .
Prepping for the big homecoming game , girlfriend trouble and growing hair in strange places you know the usual .
But they get into trouble when they come across a job too big for them to deal with and end up in a shootout .
And , to be frank , you might be right .
Deadpan humor taken to the extreme .
I realized a couple of days ago that the makers of this film put a play on words into its title .
See now that 's what you happens when you fly coach , stuff like that never happens in first class .
When the clock strikes midnight , she runs home , leaving behind one of her glass slippers .
If you are ready to face the realities of life , do not miss this movie .
It is a very tense moment and it starts the film off on the correct note .
I read several mixed reviews and several of them downright trashed the movie .
The theme song is catchy and memorable .
There were several endings of this film , all with the same message .
The father upsets his son 's educational aspirations at several key junctures .
Western , but rather than detract from the picture , it adds a special flavor to the proceedings .
Yes , very bad taste , gross , gruesome , you find the right word , and it will probably fit too .
There so much i could say about this film , cause i love it .
Sabriye finds six willing participants and this is when the fun starts .
I have been searching for it every where .
The small room where the action takes place is the character 's entire world .
There were some good insights regarding the feelings of a firebug as well , or as they call him , a firefly .
There is not much feeling of optimism in it .
I saw this in theaters and absolutely adored it .
It still has the porn stars , and the inbreds , and some of the extreme gore can at least be partially seen .
Maslin beach life is full of diverse nudists and personality types .
The movie covers a span of a few hours .
The most remarkable feature of these brief pieces are their soundtracks .
It is worth the let down just to see the first sixty .
But it is everything you could want in a movie .
I ran across this movie at the local video store during their yearly sidewalk sale .
When the extras from the music video attacked the evicting police , you almost believed it was possible .
I enjoy this one because the story is the kind where you are never really sure what 's gon na happen next .
That 's simply not true and a little unfair .
Brosnan regains his equilibrium in this movie .
But nevertheless for some very bizarre reason , he is a somewhat likable character .
This is the very beginning of the film .
The story is being told slowly but this works out all too well for its build up .
It starts slow , however , the drama builds and you will be drawn in to the story .
He was a smuggler , a slave trader , an all around con man selling land he had questionable title to .
He hides the body and later disposes of it by slugging a watchman and dumping the body in the river .
The acting by all of these actors is very good .
The acting by all of these actors is very good .
The acting by all of these actors is very good .
Moreover , the sex scenes are quite tasteful and even genuinely erotic .
This concert footage for me is one of their best .
Only a fully enlightened man could possibly detach himself from his loved ones .
Back in the day of the big studio system , the darndest casting decisions were made .
This movie is about human relationships .
Dick had a terrific sense of modernism when he built that house .
We all know the story and the quotes .
But it sure took the grossness factor to a high level .
If you pay attention , you wo not be confused .
All this was at very high pay , sometimes ' golden time ' , which was triple our regular hourly wage .
She smells a flower and forgets everything at once .
If you want to see the full thing , get the unrated addition .
His timing and delivery for his stories is almost unequaled .
Some genre films need to be dressed up .
The real winner here , though , is god .
About hypocrisy and honesty , love and surrender .
But now the two are on shore leave .
I mean movies today do not bring reality to kids and in this movie they did .
Fishburne 's depiction is therefore classically tragic .
Her two songs are simply and effectively delivered .
The effects are very good for such a small film .
This qualifies as a family film , though there are a few stabbings near the end .
So many of the characters were so real .
What 's up with those crazy futur nets .
We know that the narrator will kill us .
This film will keep you engaged in the plot and unable to pause it to take a bathroom break .
I know that he loves what he does and he does it well .
They are not accurate on this film .
My lifelong friend deals with clients such as these regularly .
I have related this journey to many things .
The crypt sequence is really eerie and the tension is almost unbearable .
Romantic comedy is not the correct way to describe
When a bunch of people start looting the town , the military show up and start executing people .
Sometimes it is difficult to hear exactly what is being said .
The comments will be used solely for exam purposes and will be included in my written exam .
However , the movie needs to continue for a long time .
This movie displays the kind of ensemble work one wishes for in every film .
As a result , the film evokes strong empathy for , and feelings about , the characters .
Please make more fantasy movies like this
The zenith of two brilliant careers .
In summary , if you tend to like dance movies , then this is a decent one .
When it 's dramatic it connects quite well even in its stiff moments with the actors .
True horror lies in feelings of hopelessness , helplessness , and irrationality .
This however is not thrust down our throat but revealed bit by bit through the film .
Undoubtedly the movie 's most popular song , it is heard no less than four times .
But the most outstanding effect and creation is the tree spirit 's killer tongue .
Without love , we ca not talk about hope and salvation .
And some of the pieces are actually funny , but not abusively so .
This quote was essentially the theme for the movie in my opinion .
Each character has different traits , characteristics , strengths , and weaknesses .
Portrayed realistically throughout , the film flows well and is an interesting and fairly entertaining watch .
Clint took over as trail boss in the last season and then the show completed its run .
So if you have not seen this then you are need to asap .
Late one night on a desolate road , in an empty saloon
The fact that this contains one of the only video shots of the first plane hitting the tower is amazing .
Instead of the typical twists or social commentary , this one features no lasting message .
There is genuine skill in manufacture of this work .
How little we cared about the secret feelings of people who are closest to us .
I wo not go into why because so many others have expressed the many reasons that makes this film great .
She takes her two children and moves in to their new home .
William is illiterate and frightened but somehow the two find solace in each others loneliness .
This film is worth watching at least a few times .
You will go a long way , my friend .
Do not listen to the critic reviews .
The film is simultaneously scary , suspenseful , beautiful , and psychologically intriguing .
Put humans in the same position ant the helicopters would be out .
Seftel really gets you involved in all of the action and it pays off completely .
I also rate these along with those early
Chan with a little less comedy and more action .
Your heart really goes out to the characters in this film .
When the water lily finally kisses the frog , the frog remains a frog .
Her mere presence turns a creepy ghost story into something truly memorable .
Of course , with positive also come negative points .
You have to take it on faith and that 's all .
Every frame has its own magical charm .
But the atmosphere of the film is decent .
Embracing an impounding shimmering process that keeps imagination glowing in one dimension and out the other .
Suraj 's direction is simple but effective .
One of the themes explored by the film is the question of ethnic identity .
And that is , a sketch that usually succeeds in five minutes will not do so well in ninety minutes .
After the war there were times of hardship .
After moving in , the writer suddenly feels haunted by a maniac of his own creation ...
I know a lot of people think that movie does not portray real life but deep down do not we all want it to happen .
Dominic , it turns out , has no fertility problems .
I cried the whole way through , from start to end .
While the ending feels abrupt , it does at least end at a sensible point in the story .
Watch how their emotions towards each other are shaped by the squared circle .
It was really crowded and it was a very ambitious atmosphere to .
We only care about our friends and those who we know like the same things as us .
She is realistic settings and atmospheres .
But the struggle to achieve that victory is played in a celestial arena of sweeping vision and gripping grandeur .
The stunt scenes are well cheorgraphed and the action scenes are superb .
The ending is a real twist that caught me unawares .
It 's almost as entertaining as pro wrestling .
Never has a movie touched me the way this movie do .
This film is an allegory about the effect of violence on the psyche .
But do not let those gripes stop you from watching an otherwise enjoyable movie .
The score is very scarce , which also makes it more difficult to concentrate on the film .
The dialog from the film is taken almost verbatim from the book , which was very smart .
And that 's how this beautiful modern fairytale starts .
This is not a film for thrill seekers but a film for a thoughtful audience .
It s sex is less showy , yet more erotic .
And , like all movies , there are some negatives , too .
She 's left alone in her home when her spouse must to attend the historical celebration .
I was saddened and at the same time fascinated with the two stars as they do themselves in .
Husband switches conversation to desert .
I have noticed this is a staple of the whodunnit .
The film is a little unevenly paced .
If you 're not too prude , you should enjoy seeing that movie once , twice , three times .
It 's his final layover in a journey to ... the twilight zone .
The jokes in this film were surprisingly original and really funny with one or two flat jokes in between .
Most of them you cold put in the trashcan directly .
If you can delivere this movie as your first you must be talented .
Bendix plays broad and is huge fun in a part which calls upon his strengths .
She 's slick , naughty and seductive and does not look a day older than she did in the first .
The music , which has also been a victim of the film 's success , was a key ingredient .
It seems that as directors reach a certain age they really get things right .
I can not wait to see what your next feature will be .
It s good to see him play something else but the cool dude he normally does .
I really do not understand how anyone could not laugh a lot during this hilarious film .
The movie did not bash one over the head with overexplanation or unnecessary backstory .
Hyde tries to be cool all the time , he has his moments too .
The humour sometimes seems a little bit silly but in a good way .
Soldiers trained from birth , taught to kill , and never had a normal life .
The movie theater scene shows clips of the villains who passed away .
This film came right on time actually .
Here again is another film that takes the movie frame and uses it in every way possible .
Just sit back and be prepared to be taken for a ride by a movie that comes dangerously close to brilliance .
The pilot is much more of a pilot than the movie
The casino is about to close and prepares for a big transaction the next day .
Despite its rather salacious title , this is a light teen dramedy .
Speaking about an emotional roller coaster .
Thierry himself is struggling with the death of his father the previous year and has lost his way .
He was too young to fully appreciate how special that gift would be .
I find cute whenever one of the movie 's characters is transformed into a white rabbit .
Something is blocking this family from sharing their sorrows .
Sure , there were times of understanding , but so often there was an undercurrent of hostility and repression .
Gojoe is extremely creative in terms of color , photography , and editing .
Amitabh comes to the city to make a decent living and his dialogue delivery and mannerisms are hilarious .
The movie tore at my heart reminding me of the intensity of the big explosive love of my life .
Purely personal taste , of course , as his acting in that was superb .
His performance is especically impressive during the poodle scene .
Not only the ethnic but also the normal people you tend to forget .
You can just imagine it was like that when she had made her real screen test years before .
They have good lines of dialogue and are well developed .
This impossible tale is of a female witch pursuing a mortal man , in a mortal world .
If you love daytime soaps or despise them , this move pokes fun in all the right places .
To would have funneled down the necessary elements and expounded on them more .
Clark is told that the life that he knew was all in his head .
Unfortunately , you do not get to see movies like that today .
Hayward is at her best in this film .
Jerry nods no , and then sees that is not the right answer .
He betrays everything and everybody without an ounce of remorse .
Honorable mention for the haunting electronic score which kept us all on pins and needles .
Her pastor agrees with what she wants to do .
Even the family names of the two families are part of the fun .
Well i do disagreed with the other comment posted .
It takes at least three viewings to sorta figure out what the plot is .
This is a very thoughtful and emotionally striking movie .
Frank was a champion equestrian and will be missed by all who knew him .
Lots of dark street fights with guys unexpectedly getting filleted creatively .
I thought this movie was a lot better than most movie critics are giving it credit for .
Watching him on screen is a shocking and breathtaking experience .
At times , the drama seems a bit more bombastic than that of the first , and it jumps too much at times .
Tony has come out of the coma for only a moment .
Watch it with them , and make them understand .
Absolutely unsurpassed , astounding , dazzling ...
But first i thought that it was the original film .
A sharp political comment posturing as a coming of age story is what this movie is .
His physicality though harkens back more to young
The violence is magnificently grotesque and every single plot twist is pleasingly retarded .
He has a way , however , of moving gracefully past the flopped routines and extending the ones that connect .
He has quite a few clever lines that truly made me laugh .
Both were widowed and together they worked to build a new home .
I enjoy watching young actors get their due , and felt like this show would propel their career further along .
But sometimes , a movie needs to make you feel unconfortable to work .
But then again , he 's a great actor with plently of years of experience , and the end result turned out great .
The editing and visual fx are also top notch .
This movie sacrifices story integrity for action .
This does not change the fact though that what we have here is that rare bird , a pure horror movie .
Lumet is a master at directing people walking through spaces to create tension and develop characters .
Its surprising how so few people have commented on this movie .
I can love and loath in the same light .
This movie challenges you to think .
There is a type of tragic fatalism in this story that is missing from their other films .
I watched this film from beginning to end enthralled .
Maybe not many had the chance to see her in this film , and that 's a pity .
This makes for some interesting interaction between young and old , not often seen on the screen .
Half way into this movie you will want to go off and learn to surf as well .
They are really in for a surprise when they see this film .
Will soften even the hardiest heart .
This film has a rotting core of flexible morality , and yet a quirky sense of justice .
But if you like mystery , drama , comedy , and a little forensic work you will love this show .
There are very few performers today who can keep me captivated throughout an entire film just by their presence .
I laughed so hard during this movie my face hurt .
However it does have one truly memorable scene .
This is the engine which drives the story , right or wrong , and makes one feel a tad cheated at the end .
Whip , the loud gym teacher whose mild bullying gave the show most of its conflict elements .
Sure , the story is a bit thin , but that 's the beauty of the whole thing .
Actors were a bit young for their parts , but otherwise believable and talented .
But trying to find someone now who can recall it is even harder .
A simple and clear plot but it drew me in and kept me captivated all the way through .
Trust me i am hardly home sick but i still know that it will make you feel better .
In the end , this was simply a wonderful adventure tale , more than anything else .
Every time you were expecting something to happen it did not happen .
The second half of the film is the most interesting and tragic one .
The characters are likable and funny , the girls are hotter than hell .
It 's just a good movie with a good lesson .
The personality of the city is constantly imposing itself .
Rowlands really gets into the character 's tormented psyche and acts the part quite well .
It does not spoil the atmosphere to me .
It was not meant to be a great cinema experience , except it was .
A heartwarming story about coping with grief and cherishing the memory of those we 've loved and lost .
Humans live the high life whilst machines are the grunts , the workers of society , second class citizens .
It portrays true love and passion , and not just heat .
I wo not tell you what happened , but let 's just say it does not end well for all of the foxes .
As the film progressed , they found it more and more difficult to maintain this stance .
The animation was well done and the romance was cute .
She is an unsung heroine , a true veteran thespian who is overqualified for every role she is offered .
We watch a magnificent cast of characters that were typical of the area .
Just taking a look at one scene from the film is breathtaking .
I 've recently went back and watched this movie again from not seeing it in years .
You actually felt like you were a part of the movie watching it .
It was a story about a boy who had a dream and who did everything to reach it .
If you compare this movie , you have to remember is a pop extravaganza .
She let her be duped by a crock who steels a kiss from her and later murder an elephant .
The acting for the most part is great , although the story they have to work with is mediocre at best .
The supporting cast is terrific as well , with many familiar faces lending support .
Less remakes and more original works .
The cast in general has degraded as the the series went on .
A very good adaptation of the novel by amrita pritam .
We viewed the vcr and found it to be fascinating .
Oh , well in today 's motion picture world , comic adaptations seem to be a hot item .
American movies rely so much on special effects and safety wires and stunt doubles and so much more .
Every character has a wide variety of experiences .
Never has anyone dominated a season like he did .
Some expect perfect connection with the books , some expect more credible situations or adult action film .
Some humor , some pathos , some bittersweetness but nothing over the top .
Especially those who have been affected by any school shooting .
Then his character changes to one who is truly repentant .
Not only is he a fantastic actor , but he makes us believe he is that man .
Tom is an old man whose wife and child have both died and who lives alone in a small country village .
It has style , it is different , it is shocking ...
After it ends is when you should think about it .
He is so out of place , cracking bad jokes , evoking no sympathy from the audience .
And the trailer gets you to think the rodent is a main creature .
West is a perfect example of how good a film can be with practically no budget .
Many people want to keep a permanent copy of this film in their libraries .
Old conflicts will end and new ones will arise .
Genie finds out she is to be a sacrifice and the protracted and bloody climax gets going .
The strength of the film is built on the love of the characters for one another .
It 's vibrant , stimulating , and full of life .
Great voices , lots of adventure and clever dialogue make this a very good movie .
If you are interested in this era do not miss this series .
This is what the musical genre was made of .
Writing something genuine and true is challenging .
She is mortally shaken with the fact her attacker knows her address .
I was impressed the first time , and found it even more engaging on second viewing .
Both filmed the action with polish .
While entertaining , other television shows have taken a back shelf to this series .
I love full house so much that i could not live without full house .
In other words , these are far from holly woodized versions of teenagers .
Branagh is phenomenal in the leading role .
It proves that people are the same the world over .
And if you do not like it ... you do not get it ...
Most of their businesses there are in a way or another going to fool you and raid you .
Gilliam makes us care about these characters , especially through the crescendo of tension threading their lives .
I 'm glad he was recognized for the role , but he should have gotten the award for a more consistent performance .
Watching this film you can understand how real movies are made , as this is sort of like a film within a film .
The story is both exciting and meaningful , this is a movie with a message that is not too preachy .
And being hunted by manticore throughout the season which gives the series some extra spice .
We 've exhausted the planet and we have to eat our dead to survive .
See it for yourself to find out the rest of the story .
One hopes that future will come sooner rather than later .
In one scene you can even see the microphone swinging on the upper edge of the picture .
We can only imagine the other great movies he should have made .
So i do nt know how to get this movie , id like to buy it for dvd but i ca nt find it anywhere .
The game provides plenty of opportunities to utilize stealth , with plenty of wall and object cover .
He just was not cast as a leading man in films or given very challenging roles under the studio system .
It is difficult enrapture an audience when you purposely deny them insights into yourself .
The film then switches into animation format , we see three black men who sold their house to this man .
At least , you do not think that when you see her .
It 's more admiration , and perhaps even inspiration .
The plot is solid despite what others may think , it kept my interest the whole time right up till the very end .
The costuming , location shooting , and winter backdrop are mesmerizing .
I disagree with other posters that say it 's ' too artsy . '
It is an unholy alloy of triumphs and failures .
It is certainly a good film with a positive message to follow your heart .
It was really surprising how good this one turned out to be .
After her roommates leave for work the next day , the guy shows up at her home and attempts to rape her .
Elsa , while surprised , wants to do the right thing .
And there 's the kind sake salesman on the bike who has a sweet but strange connection with the shy quiet woman .
Anyone who enjoys the genre and who has not seen it , must do so .
I 'm going to have to find a copy to buy .
Esthetically , the movie is playing a lot on the theme of speed and slowness .
Roy is a stubborn , proud , courageous , and honest man whose word can be trusted .
It is kind of weird , but funny , too .
The story revolves around what will happen with the girl .
All tangents aside , both of my children really enjoyed this movie .
The film does a decent job of portraying the arbitrary and corrupt justice systems of third world nations .
There is some great storytelling done in the camera .
Bernal plays a small role which is critical for the dramatic payoff of the story .
These two genuine artists are at their very best , as is the story line .
Enjoy the story , but with tongue firmly in cheek .
From the movie he was pictured as a sexual addict .
The movie scared us so much as kids that my friend would not go into his basement for a year after seeing it .
It was the quickest way to turn a property around never considering the social problems it created .
Those are from a few of her films , but you get my drift .
The other actors and actresses are equally fine in every respect .
The first attraction of this movie certainly is the central trio of actresses and actor .
Jane is extremely intelligent , but has a dark side and a salty vocabulary .
Perhaps the funniest moment is when she corrects the spelling of her name on the classroom blackboard .
I am surprised this did not make it into general release .
The ghostly apparitions of the children 's souls being released was also good .
It is also to his credit that he manages to create the exact necessary sense of boyish charm in the viewer .
The motion picture has thrills for a thousand movies plundered for one mighty show .
There 's a great showdown near the end of the movie which consists of foreign fighters .
I enjoyed the scenery of the film and felt this added to the plots and intrigue .
The script is an invitation to a complex game where the participants are on a simple mission .
Show me how you can tell that you are real .
Something about the name easy lube just did not sound right .
Their is more to the plot but you can find that out for yourself .
Mekum 's new men are faster , stronger , more accurate and aggressive .
Beautifully crafted gestures get across far more than dialogue ever could .
It 's rhytmic style is very ' thought off ' .
This was not so souped up like the toy story movies or shrek , and it shows .
So be warned , this film might hit you like it hit me .
This is also a nice performance , but the voice is a bit uneven , she does not stay true to one accent .
For a while he lives there but ca not adjust to normal life .
My only complaint is that it is not shown more and seems to be almost impossible to get .
During a trip into town he comes across a wax museum of horrors and decides to venture in .
This movie got the most applause of all the films that evening .
It is , at best , a statement of recognizable fact .
With it , comes the end of the reign of man , and begins the reign of demons .
You know you should not watch , but you ca not help but look .
He takes out his problems on his older sister , whom he murders at the beginning of the film .
You also really feel the characters went on a journey and they 're lives were changed by the whole experience .
Amazing how he humanizes a rich worthless character .
But this one as to be amongst the best ...
Dreamquest is definitely raised the bar of quality of adult movies .
Once the horror elements show up , the film goes from decent to spectacular .
The actors are the same with some addition to the regular cast .
More effective than contemporary ' drama . '
It was chopped to death , and shown out of sequence .
In my opinion , their mission was accomplished .
Tracy when the detective has accepted his fate of being blown up .
However , the media needs celebrities more and not vice versa .
It is also one of the few films which has really made me fearful to keep watching .
Attempts at censorship were vehemently denied .
It 's an emotional high moment of the film .
It is an obviously genuine worthy labor of love .
Adrian and her coach were also quite good .
The idea in this tale is not exactly original but it 's very suspenseful and the climax is rather surprising .
There was also some subtle humor so as not to depress or bore the audience .
The director has tried to depict life as realistically as possible , succeeding .
But we have to remember that these films are part of a certain time and place .
What happens next was always unpredictable .
I feel two emotions predominantly , happiness and sadness .
They are always right when it comes to real horror fan 's tastes .
Your journey begins at the dawn of creation and moves through the rise of man and technology .
You see the southern raiders , living off the land , stealing indiscriminately .
Since he never got undressed , you can imagine ...
The camera is as descriptive as the narration .
This is a much more impressive film than its present obscurity would suggest .
The film centers around the lives of a group of people taking an adult swim class for various reasons .
A story about solitude and silence .
The concept of the film is based on an actual case of fraud that still has yet to be officially confirmed .
The two actors really worked together rather well .
He 's older than her and unattractive , so she 's rather fickle .
Utterly satisfying in nearly every department and overflowing with droll and witty dialogue and thinking .
Yet it is announced as a surrender .
I also found his dialog with the callers pretty funny .
This is something you do not often feel .
Some of the acting was a bit suspect .
I would like to see more movies like this .
The animation is clean , the story is original and does not preach .
To the public eye , she did not seem sufficiently distraught by the death of her baby daughter .
I was expecting something truly awful but was pleasantly surprised .
Along the way , we see other women who have had to put up with their hardships and walk with them to redemption .
They have a different point of view about rock , about love and about life .
Due to this , he has spent most of his life ostracized .
Their rule depended on the native troops you see here .
While originally reluctant to jump on the bandwagon of watching
The story is something that really keeps you watching .
A few years later , murders begin to occur ...
It challenges the viewer and encourages you to pay attention .
The world has been divied up into territories .
The soundtrack and cinematography were compelling and intriguing .
You ca not just start casting your fishing line and hope for the best .
With the current trend of gross out humor , this film is the granddaddy of them all .
This works against her though , because we never doubt her .
Perhaps why a lot of families were scared off from seeing it this past summer .
His body aborts life twice , first to need the new heart , then despite it .
He sets about it , fainting from exhaustion , but eventually completes the task .
The idea ia a very short film with a lot of information .
Now he looks healthy , in shape and his drum playing was solid .
This movie is about finding love in everybody 's differences .
The film does get a bit bogged down in the second half .
Thank you guys for making a movie worth watching .
They look at the stars from a bridge and they end going to his apartment .
So they send one guy with a geiger counter after him .
With realistic moving characters , realistic action would naturally follow .
Or maybe this film will inspire you to help others .
I have been searching for this film for years .
This one is designed to entertain and it certainly does .
Good for a laugh , or a few laughs really .
You can collect comics in the game and then view them in a comic viewer .
Christy was born with a form of cerebral palsy such that the only limb he had good control of was his left foot .
The rest of the cast and crew too are not mentioned at all .
There 's never a point where you think to yourself c'mon , get on with it ... it moves quick and corners nicely .
The drug bust he performs early in the film is pain stakingly realistic .
There is hope , frustration , injustice , justice , love and hate .
Drew 's rich girlfriend and her parents make a surprising visit .
It 's all about football and its funny , it s really funny .
They accepted his offer and upon entering the airport the two were arrested for smuggling drugs .
There must be countless of fans who would die to make a film about them .
She got cranky , upset , and unpleasant as the media and the government continued their unrelenting witchhunt .
A woman you just wo not give up on , but she keeps breaking your heart .
By themselves , the three actors give birth to dozens and dozens of unique characters .
It is irrelevant and immaterial whether that is a sexual love .
The movie is deeper than some cabrón and pendejo screams .
Those dance and singing routines are fabulous .
However if this style of comedy is not your favorite you probably wo not like it .
Soon after , he begins seeing visions of his own creation .
However , after a hectic working day , she dozes off and awakens to find herself alone in a deserted platform .
If you do not mind watching films from the bygone eras , then consider checking out this one .
Xica contains a lot of history of that time period .
The songs were awesome and totally as we call it masti type .
I was enthralled through the whole thing and you will be too .
Other then that , it 's pretty good .
It s elegant styling never and nowhere puts any weight on your mind .
Sadly , this is also , where a major drawback of the movie is revealed .
You just can not help but smile and want to dance when you hear it .
Just like boxing , judges are swayed by how you finish the round .
I would love to comment on this film .
Just watching this very loving mother go from sweet to not caring at all was hard , but so true .
I think he would have enjoyed being the monster instead of the pretty elf , for a change .
Some of the techniques used in this video have never been full explored .
Having no other means of transportation , his journey takes him over six weeks on a lawn mower .
There are tons of violent actions but has a good story to it .
One thing for sure , it 's hard to watch one of his films and not have a strong reaction one way or the other .
The songs link to the story well and add extra jazz to the overall style of the film .
Fans of the first movie want to see more of that frosty ice queen .
Your local critics or the national critics like
It is also backed by a beautiful soundtrack with local talents and an exceptional composer .
She and the drummer paint the town a new kind of red while visiting the all night jazz clubs .
Carrey did not have his usual face making stuff in this film .
The struggles are mental , emotional and subtle .
The many casual appearances of the ghost really freaked me out .
This is really the first of overlooked films from his career that you can not make these observations .
A bodyguard turned vengeful vigilante .
Nice to see mothers and siblings treating gay relationships with respect , like any other relationship .
That was more than ten years before .
This version is a little long to sit through in one sitting but well worth it .
And it 's particularly good in this movie .
My friend knew someone who worked on it , so i thought i 'd check it out .
Russell 's performance here is one of the best he 's ever given .
Her reaction has resulted in losing the job .
Well this took her about a few weeks of getting used to .
It can be a bit ' talky ' at times but never so much as to completely sink the film .
None the less his attitudes towards a little boy who comes to work for him and the convicts is complex .
Almost all the suits are elaborate in blues and greens and yellows and reds .
I have found myself crying a number of times during the movie and laughing at others .
If you can not enjoy a chick flick , stop right now .
I was surprised to see the depth in which the organs was explained .
The actors in the movies made the whole thing exciting and funny .
Some of the jokes in here are hilarious .
The different character was portrayed with eagerness and mild humor .
The film highlights some of the modern struggles a woman has when she marries an old fashioned man .
The movie , was presented well , with the choice of actors carrying their roles to reality of the writing .
The adventure , the action , the comedy , the drama ...
What can you do with aspects of modern life but laugh at it .
A crucial problem occurs at the beginning of the film .
The technical precision adds to the scene 's riveting quality .
He has to get together his old crew that he can trust to help him pull it off and get his bro out of dutch .
Peoples is known for his scripts with moral implications of what is right and wrong , the value of life , etc ...
The film is never preachy , is not guilt driven , and allows everyone 's point of view to be present .
When each episode ends , you always want more , and you look forward to the next one with anticipation .
But for anyone wanting a slice of life movie about that period of time this is the perfect one .
The movie contains four stories , each of which focuses on an inhabitant of the house .
Also the people he sits with at the baseball games are just as obsessed as he is .
I was the most amazed by the thoughtful cinematography .
The film casts a mesmerizing spell on you , much as the villa does on all the women .
You must not compare this series with any other to fully understand it 's plot .
You settle down with a bar of ice cream .
He is uncomfortable with what he sees as the unsophisticated behavior of his father and brother .
Grab some popcorn , cuddle up on the couch , and watch this fun , happy and entertaining film .
I think the end is very worth sticking around .
Camera movements between the some scenes is also original and refreshing .
If you have any imagination at all , you will agree with me .
So far , he 's the oldest actor to receive an academy award at an old age .
The scientists want to create an antidote , while the military is set on mowing down everyone without prejudice .
This is where the term classic film comes from .
The death scenes are elaborate and the most of the acting is good .
It 's always inventing new adventures for the heroes .
Few movies can truly capture the wonder of childhood and the pain of adulthood so perfectly .
Which , in view of later events , does not seem like a far cry from the truth .
The atmosphere here is what sets it apart .
This is one of those films that never got much publicity , but it should have .
I decided to disable all text messaging on my phone and would encourage others to do the same .
Wells adds that after eating they set up a prolonged and cheerful hooting .
He comes into his new life , of helping people when they need help .
Few films have so elegantly and succinctly shown two people falling in love .
For all the rest of us , it was a light comedy with a political edge .
There is something about the earnestness in it ...
His facial expressions were on the mark .
The colors are not that ... colorous .
Chan , but he is one of my favourites too .
Because , this movie works on two levels .
It 's actually one of my least favorite of the director 's films .
The story is being told the way he perceived it , through his actions and his brother 's actions .
I get so engrossed in it , that it goes so quick .
In every instance , there is much concerning the dangers of knowing too much .
The inner turmoil and triumph is tremendous in its subject matter .
I 'm quite functional in my personal and professional life .
Terrific performances from the entire cast .
Distortion is a movie that sort of caught me by surprise ..
The backstory to this should have been developed more .
The murders are projects , barely human beings .
Mat is unlikely to have a quiet evening in before his big day .
It was brilliant that her mother was a psychologist and even she did not see the signs .
There really was a sense of fun to this .
After reading many articles , my opinion of the movie greatly changed .
The story can get pretty confusing at times as new characters shows up during the film .
They rob abanks and much more and build a bond .
The political situation , and the extreme tension in the air is constantly in the background .
One forgets how beautiful she was , and she handles this role very well .
She chews up the scenery in every scene she is in , totally stealing the show .
It becomes secondary to the emotion of the story .
This movie was a pretty good mix of the two .
If you want to watch a film without thinking , this is the film for you .
Paulie it seems has a phenomenal memory .
The comedic parts were great to see from actors not very big or popular .
For me anyway , it really is that compelling .
I was only given a stern talking to and sent home .
Sure , it 's strange , but that just gives it more of an exciting flavour .
There is a deep dark side of this film despite there is a good ending .
I think that 's important for kids to see and try to understand .
Does not give all the answers , but makes many good points about humankind
This made the viewing experience far more exciting than it should have been .
The two main characters are very likable .
It is a sharp and sad epiphany that lasts only for an instant .
Many are called but few are chosen .
Id love to see another more current example of cg showy offy stuff .
Sabrina was a hero in my opinion ...
But the film still ends on an optimistic note .
The magical powers were frighteningly realistic .
It 's worth quite a few watches to pick up on everything that 's going on .
The men who capture her are testing the limits of a human before they die .
This is a movie that will not leave you untouched .
This is a movie which reveals today 's society for the lowly male in all its horror .
The entire story was well thought out .
Office buildings , police stations , hotel rooms ... etc .
Everything went on so matter of fact .
The other people in the story were essential in the makeup of his character .
I had a chance to see a screening of this movie recently .
Or there is also the criticism against capitalism .
Watch it , if you like quality cinema .
There are so many nuanced performances in this .
The facial makeup for the villains was great .
Exciting cinematic suspense in both these scenes .
I wo not give it away , but the end is really great .
All of the actors in this film were very capable and well directed .
It was a musical , but also romantic , funny , and clever .
The rifle gets in different hands on the way .
They haunt you until that last thing releases you .
The trek alone is perilous with wolves , and a crazy taoist monk lives at the temple .
The trek alone is perilous with wolves , and a crazy taoist monk lives at the temple .
They immediately start a heated , passionate , yet volatile love affair .
You see a major twist that can or will change everything .
Then , he sends them away and beautifully makes love to his woman .
Near the end of the game skill turns to dust and you have to rely on luck .
This film does not have immensely likable characters .
His freckled face and sleeveless shirts are daunting .
Watch the movie and that will make sense .
One of the most important movies of all time .
Well done and my hat is off to the writer , the actors , the production crew .
You get a good outline of what guerrilla warfare ,
It 's not on television that often .
Waves are actually ridden there , even with great performances .
There is bound to be new insight for the new viewer because of the sheer volume presented .
When a ricochet bullet hit her , she is hospitalized with more than a wound .
The movie is in a way really happened .
Lily is a young woman barely holding it together working for her father in his illegal speakeasy .
Family is about two families who are after each other 's blood .
That sequence with the nurse is simply hilarious .
But this one brought my faith back .
Women are lower forms of human beings .
I think it took a lot of guts for her to come forward like that .
Also , it began to drag towards the end as it seemed as if the adventure was never going to end .
Multiple exposures of the dancer represent the patients ' point of view and their confused view of the world .
You may think the film is too long .
This is not a movie to watch while you 're eating pizza .
There is no simple chronology nor there are answers to all the questions the film brings .
If it 's action and adventure you want in a movie , then you 'd be best advised to look elsewhere .
Still , it was fairly good , for a science fiction action movie .
It 's hard to say sometimes why exactly a film is so effective .
It 's taut , stylish and extremely suspenseful mixture of sex and violence .
This is a movie that one has to just forget criticism all together and just enjoy .
Bettie , who was a small town girl with acting ambitions and a great body .
For those that saw the first movie recall the bears met their cousins who they apparently never knew about .
I recommend this to fans of the characters .
One wishes they made more movies like this one .
Only the barriers erected by our fears can cut us off from it .
Original to the core , with everything you could ask for in an afternoon , bet the house on this series .
He portrays a man who clearly loves his family .
You get this stone that can knock back enemies while you recover mana to blast your foes with even more magic .
The soundtracks fit the movie , but the script is not totally perfect and the theme of the movie is ordinary .
Through every scene we can see his passion , motivation and stubbornness to achieve his dream .
They live in a condemned building looking for ways to score more smoke and just lay about all day .
Trio 's vignettes were insightful and quite enjoyable .
It has some beautiful cinematography , but does not rely on that alone to entertain .
All of this helps override the flaws with the script and the drawn out pacing .
A must see for those who care about their families .
This is a movie you can watch over and over again .
With so many memorable laughs , one ca not help but repeat some of his lines .
When the director goes on vacation , his dad agrees to step in temporarily to run things .
I guess that these sorts of things happen all the time and we just do not tend to notice them .
Recommended film for anyone who wants to see masterful writing and plot .
It 's tough enough for a homely guy .
The story itself is original and well written and the directing is complemented by the fine acting .
Happily , the film exceeded expectations , at least a little bit .
When the shoes are polished a chalk mark is made on the soles .
Chandu exerts his supernatural gifts in a rather discreet and moderate way .
My sister got millions of stares , and it breaks my heart to think that this is still happening to many people .
Sometimes you could really see it was there , but it was still adding a freaky look to the scene .
I think that this movie was reasonbaly good .
If you did not watch it yet , be sure to listen carefully to the music .
So although cleared by an initial inquest , they were later prosecuted and convicted .
The fact that you do not see the shooting only adds to the chillness of the plot .
Better billed as a romance than flying or war , altho the flying parts are realistic and almost error free .
Moreover , the film contains well made flashbacks as the stories are being told .
But this time , he finally does it right .
In the second hour , an instrumental score takes over .
The previous reviewer has said it exactly .
And despite the faithfulness to the novel the essence of the scenes is not captured .
However , waiting for the final punch scene is very worth the patience .
She 's worth your time , even if you do not understand the denouement .
And why would you , if the central matter of most of his films is about
I do not think however , that this was a great film .
Sondra , who fakes she is drowning , catches the attention of this hunk , who wants to see more of her .
This is by far the best triple threat match i have ever seen .
She used to sing different is hard , different is lonely in the car .
It touches on political issues , and just barely skims on romantic areas .
It 's the kind of story that you have to make up the links in your mind afterwards .
The build up to the finale is satisfying and in the end rewarding .
Beetle is also carrying on with a bohemian grasshopper painter .
Watch this film for what it is , sit back , relax and have a giggle .
Possibly , this was his best performance ever .
He brings her back to life and decides to break the rules and keep her alive .
The despair in the film is palpable .
One of the best parts of the film is seeing them sing do you want to dance , down the halls of the high school ..
Too bad it s only on once a week though .
I will leave it to the biblical scholars to submit interpretations .
Orcs are different matter , since they are meant to look very distinctive from other characters .
As noted above , the cast is first rate down to the smallest role .
Government undertakings or shifty corporations involved in dodgy shadowy dealings .
In any case , both interpreters are erected easily the highlight of the function .
We see how the media discovered and promoted the sport after a slow start .
But this story is based on actual events .
If the academy overlooks this film it will be travesty .
If you 're into action , wham bam films and hate serious love stories then it s not for you .
This shows us a reality of life ... the more evil surrounds you , the better person you become .
Whipped pokes fun at relationships in a way that most sex comedies would not dare .
The finger that pushes the radio button in the car is hers not mine .
It is a sight you will not soon forget .
He takes the day as it comes and leaves tomorrow to its destiny .
His attention to use of light within scenes is remarkable .
There are a few scenes that makes me touched .
The directing is great and some of the shots are very clever .
All of the actors pull off very realistic looking portrayal's of cocaine junkies .
Though not seen in too many films prior , you have certainly seen the basic plot themes in too many films since .
And then we have some more bad dialog , and after that some more great action .
She brings along a camerawoman , who happens to be her sister , and another associate .
And there are movies which make lives .
I can only highly recommend this film to anyone looking for a moving story that is anything but pedestrian .
One must also note the plot twists .
As a thriller , the tension is fairly intense .
The pair are head over heels in love with fighting with each other .
For the contrary , my point is that those who enjoyed
This movie , without a doubt , has to be considered a modern classic .
His argument is thoroughly convincing ...
I will treasure this concert for a very long time .
I will treasure this concert for a very long time .
I do not know why it all works , but it does .
Not only that , everyone laughed their ass off the whole time through .
In short , this should , by all rights , have been a much darker movie than it was .
Penny decides to take matters into her own hands and runs away .
The rest of the cast is stalwart and capable by turns .
It pulls some standard pressure methods out of the high hat and works on them .
It ends in a truly gruesome suicide .
And this something was the most important part .
The camera displays sophisticated late silent techniques like mobility .
Yet there is a deeper conflict within him .
Anyone who 's never seen it , horror fan or not , should do his cinematic homework right now .
The raw emotions are so sincerely portrayed , so true .
This coherence gives the show exceptional staying power .
Not the mind blowing , sex infused kind of passion , but a love where friendship and understanding means more .
He ca not help his feelings for this girl , even after he finds out who she is engaged to .
And for most of the fight , it looks like these attributes will win out .
In the middle of this a pair of lovers become infected .
I caught this film at a test screening .
This is a movie that never stops , and hardly gives the viewer a chance to catch their breath .
They will tonight , is the terse reply .
They go into a corner room and they do it .
Anna draws a watchtower and notices that the same watchtower can be found near the hotel they traveled to .
It does not matter that it has some low budget quirks and other faults .
Sure , it 's very hard to watch , a difficult subject matter and even brutal .
Cut is not the best slasher flick ever , and nor does it try to be .
Hollywood was in transition from patriotic war movies , noir , two reel oaters , etc to movies with a message .
She was miserable but she put up with it because , as she said , it was easier .
It 's one of those films whose plots are so thick , that one is very reluctant to go into details .
The saints of the moment are the stars .
The last of the negatives is that a lot of the support cast are totally unendearing .
Because the subtitles ruin the hole thing .
It is more drama and intrigue ... a mystery , of sorts .
The costumes were gorgeous and the settings and scenes such as the opera house , were amazing and detailed .
Shower keeps within itself in so many ways .
Wendigo is better shot and edited than many big budget films .
If you enjoy loads of special effects you 're not going to find it here .
Personally i agree upon all those superlatives that are around .
Good movie , you will probably find it interesting just do not expect traditional sword fights .
The acting was strong across the board with a very interesting international cast .
Lots of detail , lots of personal stories , and still keeps the overall picture in view .
Like many people she is an endless dreamer , and she holds onto her dreams , never giving up .
The people are excited that one of their number has made it to the highest office in the land .
When you look at the film from this point of view you can really begin to appreciate it .
Black , white , purple or polka dotted .
This is not the greatest flick in the world , but it 's not bad ...
After watching the film i was so impressed by the work .
The second viewing was much better than the first .
Paperhouse is much more than just a horror .
Beetle has , likewise , acquired a friend to add excitement to her life .
And always with the utmost respect , gratitude and humor of a wandering , and wondering monk .
Sure , these are just some cute kids having fun .
That aside , it takes more than a beautiful woman to make a good film .
I think it was to focused on her towards the end .
It holds a secret that explains much of what happened in the first movie .
As she misses her father who is ofter abroad she draws her father into the house .
Wonderful sets , moody music , and sound design to die for were all in place .
Just from watching the trailer to this classic , you can see where they took the plot from .
So ignore the haters and give this a run and see what you think .
Yet , it also shows the complexities of trying to apply past standards to current wars .
The film deals with the dehumanisation of children into killing machines .
It was so good that it distracted me from a beautiful , topless dancer .
I do not like mangoes , but he almost makes me want to go out and buy one .
My only mild criticism of the film would be its ending .
Everything is drawn out too long and it would have been more effective if it had been more economical .
To dance a valse you need to be elegant , but going places you do not .
The scene takes place with the aristocrat woman running around the forest looking for a lost sheep .
A classic western in every sense of the word .
The details are given in an addendum that follows this review .
And possibly the last surviving cast member of the group was a fellow who had a small bit as a radio announcer .
These two truly enhance each other .
One is the straight man and the other is the persistent fool who gets them into trouble .
The ending came with a twist which we all liked too .
Shakti is a film about a mother 's love and endurance .
Rarely do you walk out of a movie theater in such awe and amazement .
I would never want to know anyone well who did not love this movie .
As it stands , the scene has a strong made for television feel , and a low budget one at that .
Especially the second part which is just a sum of events that happened .
Take it for what it is , a bunch of kids right out of high school made their first movie .
First he needs ink for the book , but he requires specific berries .
Surfing is the ultimate narcissism .
If you have seen it , no elucidation is necessary .
She 's fishing in uncharted emotional waters .
The site also allows fans to interact with chat rooms and forums and they can get to know the people involved .
Which , of course , is all it is intended to be .
It was a real thriller without being gory .
Rea does so much with his face , his eyes , he does not need to overact .
That helped me pick up the nuances where her hurts could come out through the veneer of her humor .
The cathedral accomplishes its goal .
The humor and sadness are subtly blended .
But the character is wellbalanced and fits perfectly into this script .
Yes , there is a lot of comedy , but there are times when it 's incredibly cheesy .
Nice character development in a pretty cool milieu .
I did actually laugh out loud at many points within the episodes .
Despite the movie 's extreme length , the pacing stays intact throughout .
You walk out with your head abuzz and your heart feeling full .
The plot is unpredictable , yet the events as they unravel are completely logical .
Again this movie can teach everyone at all ages about morality .
No words , just pictures with electronic music .
This movie aimed for my heart and hit the bull 's eye .
It tells how humans made machines in their own likeness .
It 's really moving , frequently amusing and very watchable .
Ironically he 's very much like the stepmother when it comes to personality .
This is the familiar tale of the woes of inventing the perfect everyday product .
Every scene they were together was priceless .
It was tender , and funny at the same time .
This movie was very deep it gave the message of that you and only you can control your destiny .
Definitely watch this oldie , but goodie if you can .
Despite that it truly is an important film that keeps reaching new generations of film buffs .
He is a strong actor playing a strong character and the strength comes out all over the screen .
A sick , diseased maniac , to be sure , but a human being nonetheless .
Yes , some levels are quite hard and require lots of effort .
You 've never seen anything like it .
You 've never seen anything like it .
His mission eventually consumes him and quickly turns into an obsession with eradicating demons .
I think much of this film for what it represent , and how it present it .
I think for all of his lust for money and the such that that character was great .
The slick soundtrack betrays the murder ballad tone of the film .
It might be possible to do it almost as good .
There really needs to be some more movies on the same theme out there .
If it never comes back , six degrees will be sorely missed .
Every time that is achieved , the result is fantastic .
That scene alone is worth the price of admission .
I would recommend this movie to horror fans everywhere .
There is beautifully filmed scenery of shorelines , ships , and the bay .
Using the latest state of the art technology and for a change putting it to good use .
Good match , could have been great had it gone slightly longer .
Forever , released nearly a decade later .
And one gets married to a much older man .
A nice touch , which was unfortunately abandoned in future productions .
The music was largely instrumental but that was perfect for the movie .
Tony is upset and nothing can stop him now .
They want to catch up with their crazy youth they miss so much .
The three characters go for long periods without seeing another human soul .
Such distractions as parents , siblings , work and school have been neatly excised from the equation .
The supporting cast was equally as strong creating a winning foundation for the picture to grow on .
The facts are on the cellulose and little is needed for the viewer to understand or comprehend what is going on .
This is a pretty decent example of film noir .
This is a very interesting project which could have been quite brilliant .
This films vision of the future while interesting is also a bit humorous by todays standards .
Sho , an orphan boy who is not repelled by his true nature .
To say that liberties were taken with his life is to be modest .
It 's probably better to look at the film as an independent entity with a similar theme .
His father confines him to his room for the rest of the evening .
I particularly liked the van that flips in midair before it even comes close to touching an exploding truck .
I would have to say that the casting was brilliant .
It 's well produced with high production values .
So , as you can imagine , this movie appealed to me pretty easily .
The second season began where the first ended , with much mystery .
First , the movie has too little faith in its subject matter .
Movies are supposed to be enjoyable .
I was completely engrossed from start to finish .
Often more than not , we do not learn to laugh at ourselves , and when we do , we do it at the expense of others .
He becomes a well known speaker and the masses are ready to listen .
Another is about the girl with drug problems who 's lover leaves her .
I agree with the other reviewer who finds the scene where
Second , the special effects for flying were cheezy .
We can also argue that the acting is once again , questionable .
The things that freckles are the same punishment that will serve you .
The ending , as stated at the beginning of this review , is abrupt but apropos .
Speilberg used to make his film seem more realistic but in the end was more distracting than anything else .
Must have been a set that was used in many a subsequent film .
Especially , of course , the two leading characters .
These ants are forced to gather food for a gang of grasshoppers who come and take it every year .
Each of course thinks their singing is perfect and it 's only the other who sounds bad .
I would have appreciated a bank robbery or something similar .
Many movies try to do this , but few can deliver the emotional impact that this film did .
This is the one that brings it all together in a very good package .
But how can you stand to mange a baseball team that ca not win .
Not being a big fan of supernatural events , it nevertheless fitted well into the story and poses no problem .
The rest of the shootouts are fairly mechanical but there is plenty going on onscreen .
Trapero 's film was a journey into a man 's mind and experiences , not into the places he saw .
Even the newbie actors played their rolls to perfection .
The golden fish is swimming happily in his bowl in an upper floor apartment .
Carell is not alone however in his performance .
The story moves swiftly in bold episodes , with special effects that are still handsome .
It 's the sort of film that is worth trying the once .
The dilemma is even more prominent as these words are never spoken , not even as narration .
It is disarmingly friendly and lively .
This is an excellent example of a bone shaking production .
Rock is funny no matter which movie he is in .
It is cliché , it is formula , but it is also fun .
No matter how they try to stop him , he always comes back for more .
Here is where you see more flesh than you can possible enjoy at one time .
Neri pop up briefly in nifty bit parts .
Some good acting coupled with a stellar plot really gets this show over the line .
One day she draws a boy into the house to have somebody to talk to .
Both are unaware of being observed by two federal agents .
I would say watch this movie if you ever get the chance .
Those with a penchant for lurid trash are bound to enjoy this to one degree or another .
The police ruled my father 's death a suicide .
Docudramas never really work very good .
However the driver tells that he had only six passengers when he parked the bus .
The editing and effects are well done , better than many films in the genre .
It s also interesting how each character is practically the opposite of the other .
I just died laughing at that scene .
She just radiates beauty and grace on the screen and is a phenomenal actress .
There are poignant moments dotted throughout .
I think the comments regarding the show being cheesy are a bit too exaggerated .
If the robber wins one round , she will have to tell him about herself .
If only for that , this is one of the most innovative films in any genre .
She seems a little too beautiful , polished , and delicate for the part .
It is so much like real life with what teenagers have to go through .
Peter suggests to him that he should appeal to keep his life to the other world 's court , he is granted this .
Sirk scores again with this , the grandaddy of all dysfunctional family films .
I think all the characters fit together really well and the story flows nicely .
Ryoko handles her guns with believability and aplomb and gives the thugs their due .
Of course , some of the story lines are not realistic , so what ...
More tightening up have made the film even better .
Few days ago a friend gave me a present ..
It is an aspect of him that has been lost over the years .
We never see him , we only hear him .
Just watching that was incredible , but there was much more to come .
It has strong suits in all departments from script and atmosphere to acting and the prison itself .
Though there 're only half a dozen episodes , it is not filled with action , but emotional things .
All of this technique is all intertwined , meshing together while saying something .
The chemistry between the two is very good .
Given the low budget and production limitations , this movie is very good .
But , this movie is not for everyone .
I thought the acting in this movie was sensational .
Drama , action , adventure and comedy all rolled up into one .
A ruthless fellow indeed , he kills both the doctor and his wife , before hunting for the formula .
Sniper gives a true new meaning to war movies .
The casting was magnificent in matching up the young with the older characters .
Also his character here is so caustic you get sick of him quickly .
They were all laughing so hard it was difficult for them to film it .
The characters are remarkably human .
Because then you can understand where he got his inspiration for many of his films .
I remember how sad and upsetting it was , it truly made me sick to my stomach .
You will talk about it so much your friends will be begging to borrow it .
After all , enforced heterosexuality has its compensations .
It 's a story that promises to be sick from the title .
This is a charming and emotive film .
Zero day is a must see for anyone interested in these violent acts sensationalised by the media .
This is not for the faint of heart .
It was a funny , raunchy and on occasion , kinda scary show .
This film predates these shows though the effect seems the same .
A brother dies inadvertently at the hands of a gangster .
This is a story of love , loss and decision played out to its passionate end .
It 's not something he 's proud of , she was a collateral casualty in a manhunt .
Cassevetes , it has to be mentioned , is strange to say the least .
I definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoys good movies .
The banality of our existence is shoved in our face with utmost glee .
Although some scenes look a bit clumsy , it is a decent movie overall .
Standard rise to fame tale that has a few high points .
She talks him into breaking into the sheriff 's house , of all places , in order to get it on .
Hundstage sticks a finger right into your brain and scratches your mind all over .
The film segments vary widely in content and quality .
The virgin does not need sex to make his life complete , he just needs confidence and true love .
If you want to see an original vampire movie with a great story , this flick is for you .
Having never seen a man she is unashamedly forward to the crew .
To my surprise , the movie held to my every expectations .
Unwisely , she 's now taken up with his son .
The bulk of the reviews for this , on this site , are extremely negative .
Misha becomes fascinated with the bird , especially when it turns out the parrot can not only sing , it can talk .
I recommend this to any fan of those who made it .
I would recommend this film to everyone .
F.ex. , if someone grows a bird , his photograph will show him with beard , not without , as it did before .
And that is another strength of the film .
It gave details of why some things happened .
However the movie greatly exceeded my very low expectations .
In the process they become recluses and what is best described as crazy cat ladies .
Lee starred in this is a film that has stood the test of time and it s due to the unique story .
Some essential parts , characters and actions of the original are missing .
The subject is handled with restraint , but it 's still a tough subject and might make you sick .
There are hilarious set pieces aplenty .
The film chronicles his efforts at finding out more about the woman .
Funny , talented , funny , spectacular .
For soon , they will die , of course .
It 's not clear exactly what the rivalry is all about , but everyone follows it in the daily tabloids .
It was clean cut and something that everyone could enjoy , just the right amount comedy to keep everyone going .
An amazing example of an artists civil disobedience and the impact it can have .
Good , the soundtrack is unbelievable .
So this show might frustrate people looking for a purpose or an unknown ' truth ' to find .
Girlfight follows a project dwelling
You will probably even laugh more than you would at most talkie comedies .
I 've never seen another movie like this one , well , not horror anyway .
First and foremost , the picture looks and feels outstandingly well .
The song and dance routines are all perfection .
Considering it is true , it changes to a horrific tragedy .
Sure , they 're not for everybody but to each his own .
It 's a strange , yet somehow impressive story , about love .
Not once throughout the movie did i find myself staring off into space .
The word downsizing had not entered the general vocabulary yet , but everyone knew the phenomenon .
Watch the greatest warning against sex educational film ever made .
To this day , tractors are pretty dangerous .
Brennan is playing one of his patented old codgers , whose love of good coffee has unexpectedly bad results .
This film is full of cat and mouse games and deceptions , with people hiding their identities and their natures .
The only friends she has in the world are the mice in the attic that are so charming and musical .
The opening scene , which features a funny light sabre duel , sets a solid but deceptive tone .
He helps so much we want him to be our auditor should we get audited , of course .
The acting from the two leads is terrific .
This is one of the movies that get better every time you see them .
You can see the rhythmic spacing of the shots , the pans and the sound elements .
Not scary at all , it offers us only a few thrills and one really creepy sequence with skeleton in the fireplace .
Even if it did occur behind the scenes , their 's was certainly one of the best known .
It 's also hard to miss with a cast of this calibre .
Despite it 's messy nature , according to some , it is in fact just a rapid form of storytelling .
But of course , it 's really a case of sexism .
There are so many visual splendors in this one , it 's hard to choose a favorite from the film 's scenes .
There is never a chance for the other side of the argument to make itself known .
You also have to think a little bit , but not too much .
Moreover , honesty is only rewarded miraculously .
He seems to have specialized in playing best friends .
His is now a legendary luminescence .
The directing is surprising stylish .
I would recommend others to watch it .
The movie contains the right mix of comedy and romance .
I was afraid some excellent lines would be butchered , but they were there intact .
She falls for this oddball of a man , who is obsessed with chess .
I read somewhere that she got the part in this movie because she knew how to dance .
She deserves better , and so does everyone else in this movie .
I have to disagree about the acting .
I ca not wait to see what he comes up with next .
This was one of my favourite films as a kid .
Holt and his buddy want to be guided to the elephant graveyard so they can scoop up the ivory and take it home .
This means you will see an artificially low interest share , and are more likely to end the series .
The characters were not developed well .
I guarantee that when it is finished , you will be speechless .
Trust me , this movie will keep you guessing the entire way through .
Go ahead , make my day and really mean it .
He starts buying her things even pays for her apartment .
It 's not as good as the original and it does not deal with the same subject as the original .
Furthermore , the clash of cultures and interests is portrayed with great skill and subtlety .
The documentary is affectionate , very funny and absolutely riveting .
In addition , a special camera had to be created to withstand the intense pressure at the bottom of the ocean .
First , they 're both on the floor .
Some jokes are actually cool , but the rest makes me pray for unemployment for the scriptwriter .
Moralizing is in the conscience of the beholder , as it were .
Spanning generations of people she offers something for everyone .
Spanning generations of people she offers something for everyone .
David has dreams that warn him of the future .
Because sometimes the best element of fear is not what actually happens , but what is about to happen .
Me is a song that sticks with you for days .
Jerry observes how scared he is , and tries to scare him even more than he already is .
He gave a strong comic performance .
Certainly he had to know enough to set up the dummy accounts .
Second , this movie understood a principle rarely acknowledged any more .
If you do not like this movie then you have no heart or feelings .
I have not seen it in more than thirty years , on television , but remember it well .
The attention to detail , character and action is undeniably real .
As the story unfolds , we get to watch racism slowly dissipate and everyone begins to respect men one at a time .
Most of the characters are perpetually on edge , and often because they 're rather quite ugly personalities .
Needless to say her portrayal of this role here is most winning .
Certainly not like other attempts at futuristic stories .
It had tons of surprises , and it gave some more closure to the series .
But , every conversation between these too is greatly intriguing .
Other then that it had all the elements a good horror movie needs .
All the performances have a freshness and vitality about them .
And that is how humor applies as well , more so than just dignity .
What makes it funny is that he does it all with an angry face .
They ca not stop the passing of government secrets or the spread of communism .
Now my whole family has it memorized .
There maybe a big age difference there but they are a unique couple .
In the course of ninety minutes , we the viewers see something extraordinary .
The story got so many twists and turns it is unbelievable .
Granted , it 's not the best movie for either man .
One of them pursues another with a weird scheme the other repeatedly refuses .
Imagine my surprise when this movie , that 's actually a movie , came up .
The costume design was awsome as well .
The rest of the cast also served its purpose well enough .
He creates a darkly funny portrait .
Most came planning to return to their homeland , but few were ever able to do so .
The film is sharp and cool , it looks good and it feels like something big .
You create your own skater and give it a name , and you can make it look stupid or realistic .
Once she is there , she is attacked .
These guys got it right , and right on the button .
An ending which is guaranteed to keep you on the edge of your seat .
It is very disturbing and realistic .
It s more than its longevity that says a lot for this series .
His suspicions are quite correct , it 's the reason that the family has been the vagabonds they 've become .
This is not a typical television program and the fantastic is too much for some .
It underlines for me once again how much different the world can be , but also at the same time , how similar .
They are well handled , have terrific suspence , and have plenty of loud noises .
All together , they create a farcical trip through love and science , mind and heart .
You will be entertained the whole way through .
I find the film to be sympathetic to the study of death , the death of someone who is your kin .
I enjoyed it but would not rate it as anything special .
However , as ludicrous as it is , it remains an enjoyable experience .
I liked the lead actress very much , and thought the villain was very well done .
We had to take the narrator 's word for it that some species are at risk due to climate changes .
There is a big down side to this dub , and it deals with how the voices match the character 's lips .
By the end of the first hour my jaw was nestled comfortably between my feet .
Worth watching , but get ready to see something disturbing .
The lives of these disparate characters converge over several days during an intense summer heat wave .
Lucas left the ending open to interpretation , meaning there could have been more episodes made .
I thought that this was reasonably well done .
A movie that certainly stands alone .
It was a time when bank accounts in dollars were frozen and people got themselves living a nightmare .
If you have the chance , see it , because it 's a movie that will stay in your mind for many time .
He gave her life again and she loves him so much as he does , but this love is untouchable .
It 's one interesting twist on the themes from
But they are the annoyances of a generation of moviegoers who 've had time to nitpick every single scene .
Another wonderful surprise was the honesty exhibited herein .
This series of happy events is soon followed by unsettling measures that brings the rising action back down .
Their uncertainty , the recordings , the footage and panic of the students , totally indescribable .
I am not emotional , but this film makes you feel the human being .
I read somewhere that it 's some weird husband and wife team that made it .
And the following dawn brings not a miraculous reunion but an empty bed and deserted home .
Perhaps more importantly , this time the character works in the story .
At any rate , it 's a neat surprise .
Her character is stuck between her heart and her status in society .
Good performances from the then mostly unknown cast .
This film was cutting edge for its day .
She steals every scene she is in , and expresses so much with her face and eyes , even when she 's not speaking .
The claustrophobia is , at times , almost palpable .
That 's a real movie triumph for any era .
But , how far are people willing to go to obtain their goal .
The story is very well done and there are no holes .
This was my favorite performance of the year by far .
This movie has everything you want from an action movie .
There are no downsides to this sweet human story .
Then it 's as if the movie went off the rails a bit and it got a bit hokey and unbelievable .
This film is a true and historical film .
Louis to not go beyond , no matter how much you feel you need to .
At first , her attitudes and behaviors do not make much sense .
I think the best scene is the one where the couple are hounded by the new choppers .
It 's not often you see a movie with so many penis , gay , and racial jokes so praised by critics .
At the start of the episode the couple are having a conversation .
Indeed , it 's been popular to put down that era of music , and see punk as a welcome antidote to it .
Mulligan puts the helmet on him and sends him into the future .
The world is now completely polluted , ruined and everyone is participating in the con .
However , he has trouble staying on the straight and narrow path and so the drama develops .
Maybe it is just makeup but it was amazing .
After the pilot , we knew this was something special .
This movie really touched me because it showed how sad and hard life can be .
There is some moderate to strong language and disturbing content in this .
Pfeiffer is the reason to see this movie , and most of it comes off as believable .
Having read some of the other comments here
They run the gamut from cheesy to spectacular with stops everywhere in between .
It was a great discussion starter in my class .
Its influence was felt for more than a decade .
He reveals some surprising evidence ...
Physical violence supplies the beats .
We have mothers and fathers and siblings like these in the movie .
I have never forgotten it and have never seen it since .
Goring has some of the wittiest lines and delivers them with relish .
The whole point is that he still has the humanity lost in the others that we see in the movie .
We get a love story on a sinking boat .
Of course the film is not a masterpiece , i do not think it was aiming to be .
It 's a quirky little film with lots of detail .
The rest of the cast is stellar across the board .
Steward had showed emotions in other films .
It just adds to the feeling of romantic nirvana that the film suggests .
It is sort of quietly sinister , but it 's not like the traditional horror film .
Id say though that it turned out just fine .
I ca not help but think he would have been wonderful .
While generally accurate , it exaggerates and even fabricates a few things .
The supporting cast is brutal , each of them having some problems with the ladies themselves .
The light and dark , black and white creates an atmosphere of contrasts , as well as visual ambiguity .
I did not know what to expect from it , but nor did the young couple .
Besides better cinematography , this film was almost perfect .
If only movies were still this good ....
Nobody in their right mind would meet a mafioso on an abandoned dock in a junkyard .
We ca not forget the people who did not have such big roles in the film , but still helped make it great .
It 's hard to know what to make of this rather disruptive presence .
Drew works both as a mystery and a comedy .
A place where you seldom worry about crime .
A dose of realistic , flawed personalities .
A man with such caliber leads his family and followers by example .
Simply being excessively raunchy is not enough anymore .
It is a quiet , little film that does not overwhelm you with special effects or big performances .
This is the longest version of the story and goes deeply into characterization .
I know that that seems like very low humor , but some of it is actually very funny .
After reading tons of good reviews about this movie
It moves effortlessly from scene to scene .
This film is quirky , funny , interesting .
It was in fact a grossly political operation then as is showed in the film .
Also , if you 've seen it , note the interesting use of shadows and light .
The special effects were very good .
Probably should not really watch it until a person is old and mature enough to understand it
I love movies that keep me guessing and wondering until the end .
Very dark , disturbing yet fascinating movie .
No anime has ever made me laugh so hard and rewind , watch again .
Also to imagine if you were ever in this situation what would you do .
Which brings us to the young queen 's second major decision .
While both actresses do their share to fulfill the title of this movie , they never seem to let me down .
I want to warn you that there is a very bittersweet quality to this comment .
Get this and see it with someone special .
In fact , the one not named evokes probably more sympathy from the audience than any other characters .
I entered my first comment on this film almost five years ago .
Pacino proves to be one of the greatest of his generation .
The story is engrossing and original .
The waitress scoffing says that he does not know how to make love to a woman .
This one crosses that border with flying colors .
The story of the training of the soldiers , fighting with their superiors , and in the end grouping together .
No way would people like these two need kids to make life wonderful .
The latter performer especially has a genuine comic moment .
It 's something the movie puts in a extremely perceptive light .
Some of them i have seen remakes of and i remember liking them ... but not the originals .
She 's got her priorities straight .
Makes use of its familiar plot with fine performances and a few genuine moments of excitement .
So , if you like a good old fashion romantic movie ... then this is for you .
Beautifully shot and muted to allow the vibrancy of the blood red , this short is strange , but then so is love .
Tyrannous is wearing his armor , helmet , and has a weapon or two .
The gangster genre is now a worn subject one that is too often subjected to parody .
I 'm no expert and thus still trying to figure this out .
Now the two climbers and pilot are forced to play a deadly game of hide and seek .
It makes you question where does racism begin and end ... and with whom .
His wife was the writer , producer and directed most of the scenes which did not require action .
I loved the way the movie delt with all the characters within the entire movie .
The watch symbolizes his life , and the watch is shown being submerged and stopped .
Maybe this is a subject we should explore more often .
I 'd elaborate , but bmacv 's comment spells it out quite well .
Anyone who does not find this movie funny , does not understand simple comedy .
You may actually find yourself jumping if you are watching it in the dark on a stormy night .
I cried numerous times but believe me it was not over sappiness .
Some people will of course disagree but hey ... its okay .
But this movie makes some very good snapshots of the time then .
This wordiness touches the very roots of the genre .
It 's cute on the episodes when she was a baby and she talked , and she sometimes said something funny .
More important than acting style , costumes , and music is the narrative itself .
The scenes showing fights and mob actions are very realistic , focusing on the desperation within individuals .
I recommend this film and the trilogy .
I was able to get past this fact because of how little narration there actually was ...
The supporting cast of the movie were also absolutely outstanding .
The overall design , atmosphere , the beautiful landscapes ...
Another strength is the film 's theme .
It 's the same story , not as funny though .
When her life overwhelms her , you can feel her desire to crack and her hopeless hope that she wo not .
If the movie was only made for these things it was good enough to watch .
All the actors were solid in their performances .
My teenage years came back to me so vividly .
Only a very strong person could survive such a terrifyingly unsettling ordeal .
The dialog and mood feel very natural and believable .
I saw this film without to know what about were ...
All the actors do marvelous jobs bringing their characters to life .
Rarely is it seen as a growing film town .
The gangster character is particularly interesting and plays an almost metaphysical role in the life of the hero .
Movies nowadays tend to show adult authority figures as buffoons .
Sure , an occasional good comedy will come along , but they 're becoming rarer all the time .
Yes you see a few characters but they really only interact with the principals .
Take time out and watch this with the kids .
Hannah easily persuades the woman to tell her story .
And they certainly do not reveal any hidden agendas .
Someone you have hitherto taken for granted is now thrown into an unexpected twist of fate .
His victims were very fragile as they were in their first month or week of being sober .
As for the voicework , it was well done in this movie .
After realizing what is going on around us ... in the news .. in our homes ..
It helps immensely if one is familiar with the culture and time period in which this film takes place .
Oscar is little more that a hood ornament for good party members .
The gore is done so casually and with happy music playing over it it 's hard to take it seriously .
Some of the humor would almost push the boundaries of today 's movies .
Rich people are not usually happy with their ways of life .
Instead , it 's a wonderful portrait of an actor losing his mind and mixing his stage role with reality .
There are many police dramas doing the rounds .
This film will undoubtedly be seen by many in myriad ways .
If you like films that give you the chills , then you will probably like this one .
On those criteria , it succeeds tremendously .
Arthur down to a relatable level and making the character likable .
The acting was pretty impressive and the story really captivated me .
The dialogues are well written and you feel you 've lived around some of these people .
That 's one thing about the demise of the old studio system we can mourn .
But like all journeys it is a journey in the geographical sense and in the human sense .
Rather than demonizing the man , we ought to try to understand him .
This is one of those movies that pretty much stays pretty mean to the very end .
I kind of thought it must be a bit rubbish since it has not been .
They find their own , poetic style , and then they cowardly become prisoners of it .
Some movies seem to be made before we are ready for them .
Film noir is an overused expression when it comes to describing films .
She glides rather than walks , a wispy presence .
Although the film is not about boxing , boxing is all about the film .
You could place yourself in the action and imagine the thoughts of the young combatants .
Ko to tamo peva is the best comedy of all times .
What makes this pairing so romantic is how real it is .
I felt the problems the protagonist faced were believable and realistic and i believe it deserves a sequel .
Jack now wants revenge on the sheriff who caught him .
Who at healthy senses , sent to kids with space shuttle into the orbit .
This is the kind of movie everyone should go see .
Cinematography gets an above the average rating also .
As was portrayed by the characters who had fears and emotions even if some volunteered for service .
I strongly recommend seeing for all .
This was the first movie that has made me cry in a long time .
You might not like it at all , that s your opinion , and that s fine .
This time it was larger than we expected .
This song may have been random , but it was so fun .
Their search takes them into the home of the killer , and eventually to a somewhat tragic end .
The police characters also defied my expectations thoroughly .
Small scenes illustrate large thoughts throughout .
How it 's related is one of the great revelations of the movie .
They start a dance school that is soon very successful .
The plot , the fighting scenes and the stunt works are excellent .
It 's hard to put your finger on this one .
It 's a gesture but by the end of the film , we know it to be a genuine one .
The relationship goes nothing but excellent , until a very big steak appears and they all become greedy .
To me , the soldiers represented the current paradigm .
The director of research is seated at his desk in a tiny office cluttered with debris , a bandage on his head .
Rent it if you must , but the only way to fully enjoy this movie is to have it for yourself .
My guess is he was injured and played the part that way because he had to .
The song picturization and dancing is perfect for the crude lyrics of the song .
He 's nauseating , hideous and primitive but in a strange way fascinating .
At times it 's almost like we are in the thick of the action and being conned by the con men in the film .
So of course they have to go to watch over her , and some hilarity ensues .
If you really want to know what it 's about , go buy the book .
I had never seen a film like this before .
An absolute masterpiece of suspense and mystery .
If you do not like ask yourself question about now and future well never look this movie .
The songs in this movie are just wonderful no matter who sings it .
This is , mostly , a nice romance for those who adore tales of affection .
Anne has her own way of patching things up .
They had to sent someone to a space station to get the gas tanks , etc , etc .
Another delightful addition could have been the assembled the live action footage which was later animated over .
This movie has a lot of creepiness to it and it has a lot of parts that made me jump .
There are no wasted scenes , so the film 's length is a bit short .
To put it boldly , every fool can play this game .
It 's all about blood , the heart , and the circulatory system .
I thought it was an original story , very nicely told .
Could they ever replace such an epic masterpiece .
I went out and bought the soundtrack after watching this film .
This has disastrous results and heads the triads into an all out war .
The two things that are exceptional are the cinematography and the score .
Anyway , back to the voice mannerisms .
I personally liked this movie and am alarmed at the rating 's some people have given it .
It touched every emotion from anger to romance to complete tragedy .
Much like the comedy duo of its title ,
Braveheart has some of the best battle scenes ever put on film , but they suffer from one important problem .
Who knows when another good one 's going to come out .
The plot is engaging and layered with themes so epic that they will leave you gasping for air .
The important tale of morality shines through in every frame , though .
Without sound , the world is left open to any possibility , and that is frightening .
Modern , original , romantic story .
Mostly we only saw his followers rampaging the streets and cheering him .
The stories the characters seem more real and you empathise with the situations more .
As his investigation proceeds he learns not only things about his clients but about himself too .
My guess it will find big success on video .
Once dead , the hand paints the artist as a great person , a national hero .
This time she 's not bad , she 's too good and a bit afraid to do things that seem above the law .
This might well have been the only time a dance number is specially mentioned in the opening credits of the film .
I 'm surprised to see the rating here as low as it is .
Not only that but she disappears to let other people pick up the pieces of their shattered lives .
And most of all , the emotion is on the rendezvous .
It is full of popculture references and celebrity cameos and most of them are very well executed .
The winner of this contest is determined by who ' unfolds ' the story .
When students he 's fired up find abuses in their midst he must face whether he 's just all talk .
I actually wish more of this sort of picture showed up in today 's theatres .
Japanese directors to redefine the chambara genre .
This movie , to me , is about family .
It is deep and thoughtful without beating the viewer up with heavy handedness .
This film is real , not glossy or flashy .
Williams offers an exceptionally strong characterization , and not a gay impersonation .
Curtis is convicted and sentenced to die .
The new girl next door scams on the neighbor 's human nature and weaknesses where seduction and sex concerned .
Maggie misses her boat when it leaves port and gets tangled up with the soldier .
He is insecure , and needs human companionship .
However there are still those who appreciate his lively and cheery persona and total avoidance of pathos .
Understandably , the visuals are not great .
Nolan steals every scene he 's in with the cast .
Come for the humor , laugh and be merry .
It transcends all expectations and is truly a work of art .
What surprised me most about this film was the sheer audience it attracted .
I recall seeing this movie as a kid .
The idiots had a near classic in their hands , and screwed it up for everybody .
Douglas does a fine job in this role .
It adventures deep into the occult and hypnosis to bring a different type of horror fantasy .
I went to school with guys who came back .
Irene , it seems will cross paths and will find her soul mate that same day .
They are forced to ration water and food in their stand for what is right .
A young gambling junkie client asks her to help him pay off his debts if he truly wants to help him get better .
I asked my father why were her eyes blackened and he told because she was tired and hungry .
You watch the others roll their eyes in dismay at some of his utterances .
However , luckily for him his beautiful female employee gets on the case ...
So if you get a chance to see the film , forget the dopey costumes and just enjoy the excitement and acting .
His anecdotes and witticism , drawn from many years as an owner and driver , lends much to the production .
And they both fall into the financial worm hole that buying land and construction can lead to .
I personalized and identified with his character .
Amitabh , by now , had to have some typical comedy scenes in each of his movies .
To think that a relatively green team could have achieved so much is truly admirable .
The little girl is really smart and cute .
The music score and lyrics tell the story intercut with narration about what is happening in general terms .
Frechette was as reckless in person , as his character was in this film .
The title comes from the sound made by the insane young man who drives an imaginary trolley through the slum .
They 're two of my favorite characters in this film and responsible for many of the most amusing moments .
His only tools are his dedication , skill and honesty .
It is lightweight entertaining , nothing more .
The human story is a reflection of the greater story of the two nations .
Probably did not come out as well as the author , director , or studio wanted , but pretty damn fun .
Kudos to director and cast for such a realistic film .
Do not miss this overlooked treasure .
War may be toxic , but it is difficult to listen with thirsty ear for a toxin .
I was clearly deceived after seeing ... well ... everything , to cut a long story short .
This film was just absolutly brilliant .
The best thing about the movie though , is the direction .
It wo not get you anywhere and the only person who will pity you will be yourself .
She not only possesses fantastic comic timing , her face is as expressive as one could ever wish for in an actor .
This film is breath of fresh air in comparison .
The main basic purpose of the movie is timeless .
Actors playing different roles in different episodes .
In that song it shows the ghod bharai taking place and it is very colourful .
It 's your mind and thoughts we long for .
Her face is bloodied and her eyes are closed .
The content is pretty much made up of two things .
But his supporting cast is adequate at best and very often not even that .
Once you begin watching , you are probably going to watch it to the end .
This is a good pre homo thug movie .
Every frame of this movie has his unique stamp and tone .
There were a few things that bothered me , but hey , no movie is perfect .
One weekend , him and his daughters travel down to see his family .
They hope that when he arrives in the city his cousin will look after him .
I can not , in my right mind , think that this movie was made for people to take it seriously .
You 'd think her parents would have been worried .
Although he went a little far , but it was still a beautiful story .
The genius of the film is the engaging manner in which the story is played .
Much of this is due to the cast , which is remarkably fine .
At that time he turned into an eagle and flew away with his eagle friend .
One gets caught , the other remains free and is not given away by his companion .
In the end , we were glad to have seen the film , even though the resolution was heartbreaking .
Full of light hearted joy , it s impossible not to give this the highest score .
And it s just as much fun the second time , or third time , or two hundredth time .
Best of all , it 's not a reality show .
The finale and conclusion are especially ' nightmarish ' .
The characters were very original , each with a very different personality .
Cleverly shot black and white images look like contemporary film but are not .
Oh , and the narration and music are wonderful .
For what it is , just that , it is really good .
But if you take it from my stand point this movie had some of the best action sences were pretty dang good .
This film makes me feel like a kid again .
In real world of this age it is not totally impossible to happen such step of searching for a surrogate mother .
Jaffar bribes him for his daughter 's hand with a mechanical flying horse .
The fear is not in death , but in not knowing .
The pilot releases a flash device in order to photograph the hidden surface below him .
I felt that this movie was incredibly beautiful and emotional .
Her breasts may be saggy , her nipples unusually large , her thighs fat , and her face , chubby .
Bhandarkar does a swell job of digging up the dirt on the drama kings , the dancing queens and the living dead .
Man , some of you people have got to chill .
How everyone gets carried away by greed and ambition .
Expecting to see a cute little film from mainland
He is a great actor and has been since he was a kid .
It represents the drama of the intellectual man , the humanist , in a red world .
There are plenty of funny and original situations that really had me entertained .
If you can read that and smile , the rest will be easy .
In both pictures , there is a deliberate lack of emotional connection with the characters .
The cinematography , along with the set , was absolutely beautiful as well .
It certainly opened the lines of communication with us .
There are a few unnecessary cheap shocks but the growing atmosphere of dread is well developed .
The film has probably led to plenty of drunken brawls at bars frequented by physicists and mathematicians
The film has probably led to plenty of drunken brawls at bars frequented by physicists and mathematicians .
It is really the weakest part of the movie , but this testifies of a real freedom of speech for the whole piece .
Friendship may not endure all , but in the end it 's all that matters , or so a group of friends learn .
Unfortunately not everything in life , including religion , are all nice and rosy .
I watched this last night after not having seen it for several years .
You can give up or adjust you way of thinking to survive .
It 's vulgar , provocative , witty and sharp .
You ca not be scared by a giant special effect that makes loud noises and jumps out of a wall .
The filmography is just extraordinary .
Under his calm , collected facade stirs repressed resentment for his father 's controlling grasp on his life .
And the filmmaker ends his film on a sequence that echoes to the opening one .
Visually this film is a treat for the eyes , and in that sense a work of art .
Anyway , this film even gives more ....
Anyway , this film even gives more ....
Two little girls are playing in the garden 's castle .
If you want a film with twists and turns that keep you guessing ... then you want a thriller .
No great production values , just a lot of good music .
The two do not get very far before they are captured and then brought back to be tortured and forced to repent .
The romance is clean and endearing .
Seriously , if you 've seen it and it 's been a while , watch it again , and if you have not then get started .
It takes a talented filmmaker to tell you the story convincingly when you have not experienced it .
Yes , the acting is bad so that 's why it 's not a ten , also the story line has received a lot of criticism .
Great stuff , reaffirming my love of silent film comedy .
It 's one of the greatest movies ever made ... period .
Hergé lived the turbulent life of a true , suffering artist .
We buy tickets not knowing what to expect .
There is a sequence in the trial that had me laughing quite hard .
Atlantis has some comic scenes that made me laugh .
This is the movie that actually affected my life .
The film works quite satisfactorily , with all of the actors apparently enjoying themselves .
It 's a decent suspense and investigative thriller , with enough subplots to keep you entertained .
The characters making up the crew seem to be thoughtfully created .
The movie takes those willing to go with it to the depths of a desperate human heart .
It 's in a class of its own , yet it has an international potential .
As a scientific exercise with philosophical underpinnings it is fascinating .
The music too was exquisitely unsettling .
This series it 's something different .
Later the boy shoots a deer that a bully kid was claiming because their arrows were marked very close the same .
Of course , some stand up better than others and some go for comedy , while others focus on dramatic emotion .
If you get the chance to see this show , cancel everything and tape it , you wo not be disappointed .
The jokes and gags might get old and repetitive after a while but the show 's still fun to watch .
We should remember something like the war forever .
It 's a terrific glimpse into the earliest days of championship boxing , but it 's also so much more .
I like the face , the size , the style , the mind and the games .
A man who was always so unassuming .
It just seemed to be believable ... thanks for the hours of entertainment you have provided over the years .
Perfect dialogue without the typical clichés .
If one has little taste for this type of entertainment , the movie may seem to drag in spots .
She is so desperate to be loved that she destroys everyone around her .
All of this is high praise for a good slasher film in my book .
It s the one and the same speed that flows gently and pretty good .
I also have to say that overall , the movie leaves me cold .
And some things are so unbelievable , like the easy availability of clean water .
I doubt he 'd be so anxious to get there today no matter how much in love he was .
Every minute of the picture breathes the sexual spirit of the seventies , by the way .
The muse is really good i really recommend this movie to everyone .
He has the qualities of sincerity and honesty that comes through in this role .
Cudos to the actors , it 's very believable .
This movie is by far one of my favorites .
She was such a great actor for being so little .
The supportive cast is splendid as well .
The thunder child scene was my favorite sequence mainly because a ship rammed bunch of tripods .
The movie 's overall tone is truly disturbing .
I got to say this is one of his good leading roles .
The great colours and the sets get me going too .
This really is more of a drama , and very grim at that ...
In fact none of the hitches in the film last very long and all seem resolved within a scene .
Saw a star wars movie you go to she this one .
It had it 's funny moments , some heartwarming parts , just all around good .
If you can see it with his live show he performs before with his books , that is also very wroth while .
Eventually the dots are joined up and the performances make sense .
Renaissance is probably the first animation flick which makes you forget that you are not seeing human beings .
You should like it because it actually is a scary movie , even for today 's standards .
I suspect the microphone was picking up video monitors on the set .
They live in an empty and very filthy apartment .
Everyone gave their part of brilliance from this movie cast .
From the opening shot the sound stage is alive and is a treat .
We see plenty of bathing beauties and the reactions of the men staring at them .
These boys have apparently never taken a hunter safety course .
Do not get me wrong the second season is good , but with a little bit to much of the manticores .
Doing the first thought that pops into your head , saying the first words on your lips ...
It was very well directed with strong imagery .
I wish she could have the comfort a strong faith gives .
I would recommend this film to those who know how to read beyond the images .
I do not know what it is with this movies .
Well , this film is a difficult one really .
They started their own studio from scratch and ever since they faced the challenge they brought upon them .
The child actors in the movie do a great , too .
True animation lovers will forgive its clunkiness and fall in love with its inventiveness .
His look changes as his obsession grows .
The comedic aspects of the movie were wonderful .
I would love to thank him for getting rid of all the crime and being so brave .
A change that delighted audiences and that continues to frustrate reader purists .
Ultimately this is a sad picture as it shows how the world has simply past these two by .
There is so much irony in this short film that it is close to be subversive .
From a woman robbed of her freedom to woman who gave freedom to women in similar situations .
She is so alone , so he gets to her .
Definitely a show you could watch with a friend or your children .
Not a film to be taken seriously , but a great little film nonetheless .
People were singing along with the songs , laughing uproariously at every joke and generally just having fun .
I would really love to see her work more with children , especially child actors .
The strong graphic material of the first also returns , and it 's been kicked up a notch .
He would think and come up with semi permeable membrane or osmosis causing her to say how brilliant he was .
Kurt gets angry and kills everyone .
The movie 's ending credit makes me touched again .
The voice acting is very good , if there is not a lot of it .
But it is such a film that it will be a pleasure and not a chore so to do .
Humor can be smart , sexy , and funny all at one .
How one person can be seen as the link to so many people , but sometimes you can be blinded so many things .
This film is one memorable scene after another .
But within those budget restrictions , they managed to do quite a lot .
It then attaches itself on a diner with the young couple and some others inside .
When they put this movie together , they left out anything that was not necessary .
He sees the ad and he goes out to see her .
What others think of you is not important .
A man gets run over and his hat winds up in a gutter with water running around it .
The film is rewarding for those that will see it with an open mind .
His father , however , whose life is the mine , does not support him .
She was just years and years ahead of her time .
It 's about a study of automakers during and before the time period that this movie covers .
It all started with a mouse ... and it ended with baseball .
There 's nothing quite so fresh as the smell of a new season and nothing quite so smooth as a clean slate .
Reid is , however , revealed as a fine actor whose professional life will surely have changed forever .
It is a powerful , affecting piece of cinema .
Excellent cinematography , adroit film editing , and moody western music add tension and suspense .
Before each showing of the flick , a dance number is presented as a prologue .
It provokes discussion of not only school shootings but of human emotions and reactions to all forms of tragedy .
It amounts to a chase scene , as she relentlessly dogs him through the streets , with a stop at a subway station .
Many people like this movie and many more love it , but it seems that it is all for the wrong reasons .
Together they help each other to develop as people .
When she gets home however she finds that he is still there .
After this the rest is manual labor and we do not anticipate finishing before early spring .
How it is made possible forms the rest of the story .
Some of the pleasure in reading the novel was my memory of the scrupulously detailed film .
It 's just a movie and it 's not pornographic .
The plot did unravel pretty quickly at the end with the villains getting their comeuppance .
It believes in the beauty of human goofiness .
That is no criticism of the film , but rather a comment on how blind we are to our own past .
The bartender listens and nods , apparently not worrying about any other customers .
The writer manages to get hold of your senses and gives them a relentless tug .
From the very beginning to the very end .
That being said , the film is worth seeing just as a visual treat .
We see a figure in a jester mask , hunting them one by one throughout the school .
If you delete the first twenty minutes or so of this film , you will be left with a fantastic comedy .
Ferrari 's pieces are incredibly enthusiastic about the whole thing .
Ferrari 's pieces are incredibly enthusiastic about the whole thing .
The story is basic , and the plot is very good .
There is silence until the buzzer begins signaling her frantically .
I would have loved to see where it could have went .
Written on the wind is a good example .
You can blow out a candle , but you ca not blow out a fire .
For another , the core performances are all good .
He wants her , sort of , but business must come before possible erotic satiation .
One of the best stories about a mother trying to cope with the death of her young son .
An entertaining kung fu film , with acting , plot and fight scenes a cut above the average chop socky .
Of course , fortunately , the film does not end there .
This movie is recommended for its mood and texture , not for its story .
Larry soon finds out his life would indeed have been very different had he hit the home run .
It gives more fluid and realistic movements to the characters that is hard to find in animation .
Most of the films like this are do not watch it for the story line , watch it for the mindless action .
This is a nifty little flick that deserves its cult reputation .
This is a film about deep and unspoken human relationships .
If you 're a giallo fan , this is a must see .
I did not know what to expect other than what was printed .
Most of the film takes place on a very intimate level , between two people , their eyes , their faces .
But that 's not the end of their journey .
He refuses , and she is hurt and feeling unattractive and unfulfilled .
It gives a lot of that psychological scare .
The passage of time and the effects upon the physical appearances of the characters is very believably done .
By no means a complete portrait , but fine examples of the disabled as human beings .
He usually played comical , pompous types , but here he is subtle and convincing and very impressive .
The morale of the film shows that good behavior with the others may bring benefits at the end .
According to the rules of the match , both opponents have to go through tables in order to get the win .
If you are not so into the physiological aspect of it then , you will still adore it .
It is beyond me how this man could have fulfilled all these roles and do them so well .
They split up just because it feels so good getting back together .
I was very grateful to be able to view for the first time episodes that were never televised .
Truly a remarkable accomplishment which must be seen by all who care about the world we leave to our children .
The piece had a definite nighttime feel as the two lovers were bathed in soft , blue smoky light ...
Pepperhaus is a somewhat unusual mix of kids ' film and horror , with effective use of sounds and music .
It is always easier to toot your own horn than to actually engage in leadership .
Ford seems to think of this film as an epic , and at the time of its release , it probably was .
A time when it was in to be a swinger .
He does what he does best , to the best of his not inconsiderate ability , and so provides an example .
The scenes with the tiger show their age now .
Suddenly , the air pressure blew out the stoppage and the flames leaped up right on her .
He had a strong presence in this movie .
Yes , it 's immoral , but that 's the entire point of this movie .
I thought it was very memorable as was the book .
The historical research is virtually flawless .
Somewhat of a love story , this is more of a drama about the fall from grace and the gift of redemption .
This film is not for the faint of heart .
Their son is still an infant when he gets sick and dies .
Essentially , it is about a black woman 's trials and tribulations as she is growing up from a girl to a woman .
Most of its characters had never appeared in the series .
The animation is just adequate , not incredible , but is good .
The team has several times been placed in jeopardy by the others not listening to his orders .
I usually enjoy movies that stimulate the mind , or give me a visual thrill .
The whole atmosphere is unsettling , with overtones of violence and slaughter .
Just what i want from a classic movie .
Worth renting if you can find it , which has proved difficult for me .
I could not believe how freaking amazing this film was .
A very unusual format that takes a couple of segments to adjust to as a viewer .
My favorite comedy , by a country mile .
Even seeing a few seconds of it would bring back that feeling of magic and warm my heart .
And yet this unorthodox approach is perhaps what makes the film feel authentic .
I saw this movie at an advance screening and found it excellent .
This is definitely one for your video library .
But what really sets this film apart is the genuine humanity that it brings to the viewer .
If you have never seen these episodes please do .
The rest of the cast are also good .
Her role as the evil villainess in this film is truly classic .
I recommend this movie to anyone who is attracted to the livelihood of other cultures .
If your teacher or guru has never been there , they ca not tell you what you need to prepare for this gantlet .
But she stands her ground and experiences things on her own terms .
He transmits these needs to the audience in a thoroughly believable fashion .
He also refuses it because he does not like to help people , since law and order always gets somebody killed .
I saw this movie years ago on late night television .
That said , you ca not decide when to stop being shocked and when to take this man home for a cuddle .
Sirk was criticizing and theorizing at the same time .
His character can relate to us all in some way .
As for the film , the new music composed for it was very nice , though a tad repetitive .
After he 's done for the day the manager comes in to tell him that he will be transferring soon .
And then a man walks into a police station and tells the chief officer that he knows the killer is his brother .
All these things make the film more accurate for someone using it to learn about aparthied .
Back then , it was one of my favourite films .
The same as they did with the first film , but with other episodes .
Sets , lighting , scenery and cinematography are wonderful .
This film was directed in the days when plot , character believability and theme actually mattered .
This movie is so misunderstood it is not even funny .
I 'm not going to say what , if you have not seen it ... you will have to find out for yourself .
After all , she could as well steal it and drunk gallons of champagne .
Though this is not major film by any reckoning , it will be remembered for its entertaining performances .
I do believe that everyone should see this movie though .
Another negative point about the dialogue is that it 's too plenty and people talk in this film without a reason .
She has a sweet manner and a harmless , slightly dithering manner .
Watching it you begin to notice how many decent , good or nicely observed scenes have accumulated .
For those of us who were avid viewers of the series in the last two seasons , this is very satisfying viewing .
Bakshi 's work is quite true to the original work .
He joins the navy , whereupon he tells his father he will be back .
Over the seven year course the film crew followed these two bands , there is a lot of footage .
There has been a political documentary , of recent vintage , called
Clever dialog and numerous twists and turns in the plot keep this movie entertaining from beginning to end .
It is not the dread of beginning again , it is that he takes his energy from his work .
I think the feeling is still there , but in a heavy downward spiral with so many things being made overseas ...
Unlike most other slasher films , this one is more about suspense and terror than blood and a big body count .
My view , however , is that the majority of these awards were well deserved .
Everyone we meet influences our thinking , modifies our ways , a little bit of that person rubs off onto us .
The film touches me , because it just keeps up my hope , that mankind can change to a better way .
And there is a new face in the movie .
For my humanities quarter project for school , i chose to do human trafficking .
It concentrated on the people who were sent to fight .
No point in describing the details .
He 's a sandwich shop employee who photographs his weird family or things that he sees on the street as a hobby .
Cleverly , the story unfolds at a slow pace to build up tension for a few creepy and startling moments .
It keeps you hooked from the moment the movie starts till it finishes .
He also remarked that his films are anti emotional .
They play themselves as they played their parts in the series .
It is workmanlike shooting , but subdued .
Nancy balances her femininity with career minded sleuthing skills .
But now he 's committed multiple felonies .
Tess shows that it 's all not needing as long as there is a good story and actors .
A family who struggles but is not made into a dysfunctional family which is so typical of films today .
There is no sex in it , but sex is thought of , including the idea that it may matter what others think about it .
Father and son communicate very little .
He covers fallacies of history and truths that are no longer generally known .
Joyce 's eroticism is not simply naturalistic and raunchy , it offers many wildly perverse episodes .
I 'm one of those people who usually watch programs and keep my feelings about a show private .
The story is based upon the story of the grinch .
The acting is marvelous and the dialogue sharp if the story is not quite up to the direction and performances .
There are plenty of spoof bank capers that are good and this one has to fall in that category .
Or ones that are interested in the space program .
The film is about two narrators , one seen , one unseen .
Definitely worth adding to any film collection .
It may be a oldie , but is definitely a goodie .
This movie was a really great flick about something that affects us all .
If you do not like subtitles , do not worry .
If you ever want to see what a movie can do watch this .
Made me wish my own happy birds could talk .
Nevertheless , it 's powerfully good stuff .
However , this is one of the best films i have seen in a long time .
The ending was bittersweet , kind of sad yet optimistic .
What a outstanding movie is this i have not words to describe .
Most people will never have any use for these .
The villain is a delightfully menacing shapeshifter .
In the pilot at least the science fiction elements are definitely present but are smaller part of this series .
This is a harsh tale about an unfortunate orphan trying to survive on the streets and find some happiness .
And with any film that is all that matters .
They all want to make him drop out , and the prejudice is quite fierce .
Those colors , for me at least , make this an absolutely fascinating film to watch .
Out is actually a better and truer title anyhoo .
Lee infuses his films with insights into the human condition that take them to a higher level .
The themes of conformity and taking the safe route seemed to cleverly align on several layers .
It was nice to see plenty of genuine orientals on the set .
I do not know what the pang brothers were hoping to achieve .
There are other examples of how a clever director can elevate his film to the level of a very enjoyable thriller .
And then there is the aftermath of what happened .
They reveal his artistry and mastery of cinema .
You should make a horror film where the killer is a girl and chopping off units .
I had heard good things about this film and was , you guessed it , a bit disappointed .
There is a thing about the popstar though .
Still , she 's a nuisance from beginning to end .
The film is slightly gruesome and sleazy at times .
The story is lovely written and incorporates a wonderful idea of including flashbacks to the past .
It is not hard to figure it all out .
Thus the grift sets in motion a degree of knowledges .
Perhaps it 's the start of a groundswell of a appreciation for some truly superior cinematic performances .
After a while it gets a bit too much .
Watch her deftly maneuver the overly agreeable house painter with her absurdly idiosyncratic color palette .
In fact , the crew are almost the same .
Alan 's family problem is resolved too easily with a phone call .
How the heck he accomplished this is beyond my understanding .
It also received widespread critical acclaim .
I have seen this movie so many times , and it is funnier every time .
A little wind and water is sorely missed .
This film deserves better ratings than some have given it .
I simply think that this is not the best representation of what the show had to offer to fans .
The film is a little slow , but it is very entertaining .
The devil is not always in the details .
A must see for anyone who loves photography .
There is plenty of adventure , but not blood and gore .
Well , a lot of this probably depends on you .
Fox has some youthful energy he brings to the role .
They are too easy on these criminals .
The movie really is not about baseball but about one man 's quest to reach his dream .
Jacknife is a war movie that is just about as far removed from the war as war movies get .
In the obligatory sex scene , she projects pure , crystalline lust .
Perhaps the songs are not all that memorable , but the spirit of the thing glows on forever .
He knew how to get the audience of different ages and he knew how to remain a man with moral principles .
The quality of acting is very good , and the observations made on the characters are astute and sharp .
Roseanne reaches back to season one , and tells us that this show has been her rendition of her life .
Visually , it reminds me of various urban horror movies .
Traveling town to town , he performs and has some degree of notoriety .
This was a pretty good intense match to start off the show .
It warms the black pits of my heart to think this was made on such a budget .
The set pieces in the movie are very atmospheric .
The kookiness we always hear about is muted by today 's standards .
Such a film of beauty that it 's hard to describe .
The lead performances are very good indeed .
This happens here , too , but she 's a bit nerdy this time around .
I do not know why it was so fantastic but it simply was .
The other catch is if he touches the person again , they 're dead again , but this time for good .
She has a strange charisma unlike anyone else you 've ever seen in the movies .
The editing in this movie is great .
You truly see the depths and heigths of human existence in this film .
Mostly , this is because of statements of various negative natures .
This show is totally worth watching .
An excellent depiction of one of the more unwholesome aspects of that era .
He is the bogeyman that will haunt you for the rest of your life .
This is followed by an intervention which is then followed by an outcome .
The music is suitably regal and forms a cohesive part of the whole movie without being in any way obtrusive .
Tete reminded me of how intriguing and exciting life can be at that age .
Some war movies succeed where others do not , and that can be judged from a variety of angles .
A horror movie is being shot and things are not going well .
Watching her performance is still spellbinding .
Gilliam visualized his ideas with unique quirkiness , perfection and originality .
It 's also a film you can watch in installments and not really miss any continuity .
Finally , i recommend to watch this movie ...
Then there are the subtle clues that lead to what 's going on too .
Delivers both mystery and subterfuge .
And , of course , he is a master of manipulating the audience 's expectations .
What pleased me most about this film was that there really was a viable plot being moved along .
I have done net searches for it in the past but came up empty .
That would 've made it the ultimate movie .
But together they stand and all will pay .
The story is quite simple , and the actors are funny in a cute way , without any crude or complex humour .
It seems to me that great acting and great writing and directing go hand in hand .
As it turn out , it was a harbinger of things to come ..
She plays the character , like she does with her real life , with complete confidence in everything she does .
The same was true for the father and son in this film .
It flirts with sadomasochism and the captive falling in love with captor theory .
You actually feel for the characters in the film even though the development is not the best .
But style was meant to be imitated , and does not take away from this film 's importance .
The reason is because it involves vampires doing incredible stunts .
The girls love his sensitivity , his ability to cry in front of them .
At first sight this movie does not look like a particular great one .
Mainly because of my feelings at the end .
Nor is it for the rest of the brothers who wear the shield .
You also have one of the good guys refusing to join the bad guys because that would be the human thing to do .
Hence he is not better than all the others , just still too young in his ambition .
Once exciting activities now seem mundane .
When the complete story unfolds itself , you know that this is a real deep storyline , with a spiritual message .
I knew it would be chocked full of camp and silliness like the original series .
I knew it would be chocked full of camp and silliness like the original series .
And thus beneath the vicey exterior , she reveals a rather sweet value system .
In my opinion the violence is wise used in the context , making a very strong gangs film .
This movie is not exactly dumb , but it 's not cerebral at all .
Blake had the murder case of his own a few years back , being accused of murdering his wife .
It 's visually arresting and the sound design is very unique .
Paula , her daughter , is a fragile loser , who accepts her life the way it is .
This movie should have a higher rating .
The white whip he carries and uses very effectively stands out nicely against the bright red gown .
If you do not have one , there 's not much joy in rooting for the good guys .
He changes completely , with each character he takes on .
Of course , it 's the cast that lifts the material to dizzying heights .
It was sad to say good bye to a part of my family .
And that from one of the most cultivated and civilized minds of the last century .
There is also a good use of the music to dot the actions .
There , relieved , they found the artist , moved to tears , requesting a second helping of the sumptuous finale .
Some will disagree with me but , if you know anything about the bible you know it is .
I imagine this movie holds a lot of meaning to many , many people out there .
All in all , this is a really good movie for just about all ages .
Terrific movie , story , actors , and cinematography .
It s brought home for the rest of there lives .
But even in death , there is still a happy ending .
I thought the show was just developing some depth in the characters .
And , as we grow older , they maybe still serve as inspiration or as an emotional reservoir .
I have seen all the guinea pigs and this one is easily the best .
But what really surprised me were the reviews that came after .
The film breathes , stays in the moment , inhabits real time .
It is a tremendous lesson in the hidden criminality of fascism .
All in all , a pretty good , but not dynamite movie .
It 's pretty much what you would expect out of a swinger 's movie .
And in the end , that 's all that really matters .
This show is with out a dought one of the greatest .
Brian , the lead guitarist , is dead , so a young guitarist is hired to replace him .
If they can eat her heart , it will replenish their youth .
Look at these other one hit single studio singers , lol .
This happens to be one of my favorite horror films .
Colorful characters dominate this series , which does not hold back on the sex and graphic violence .
The movie starts out a bit slow but the pace picks up frantically by the second half .
The old fashion outfits are weird when you see them in modern times , but she looks good on them .
This film stands head and shoulders above the vast majority of cinematic romantic comedies .
It is the best comedy of the year , hands down .
She was a true actress and a true artist .
And , that there is a unique quality to any group , and appreciate those that are identified as beneficial .
The story is creepy and macabre throughout and the performances are entirelly very good .
Yet he does it so well , he just brings the inner devil out of you so well .
However , it turned out to be better executed in terms of being entertaining .
From there , the rest of characters are almost a world unto themselves .
There is baseness and nobility on both sides , and also the hope for change in the younger generation .
I do not know why it 's considered as classic .
We have all had the good and bad times together and wish things were the same but different .
But as for myself it really hit the spot and for those more adventurously inclined it might do so too .
And of course there is the keynote actor , whose presence , as much as his performance , makes it all work .
I do not like all movies were audience eventually likes and cheers for thieves .
We all know what he does when his alone .....
This movie was a brilliant concept .
Luckily , not knowing anything about this movie
She makes the viewer absolutely despise her and pity her at the same time .
The imagery of the film was beautiful and that is all you need .
My problem with this film is that it is a bit too real at times .
Towards the end of the film , she successfully conveys the growth of her character .
I actually recently purchased this movie a couple of months ago seeing that there was a new version coming out .
There are few movies that appear to provide enterntainment as well as realism .
Anyhow , no video stores carried it but low and behold the local library did .
I have a lot of respect for his acting after viewing his performance in this movie .
Friends who go on to achieve something they once would mock become stronger through the mind and heart .
This western is done in a different manner than most others .
What happens here is pretty hilarious .
It is very funny , despite some corniness .
That 's because it literally inspired obsession .
She is funny without being excessively silly , yet elegant .
This film exceeded my expectations .
We will be recommending it to our friends .
The curse of this amazing gift does not stops there ...
The strangest aspect of this movie is how it begins as a comedy and ends on a very downbeat dramatic note .
However , there are persons like me who find joke funny only when they heard it first time .
Heartland is not just for lovers of indie films .
My blessings with gratitude to you all .
I really ca not remember how many sick spots there were in this match and words ca not really do it justice .
Across its epic scope it produces fresh and iconic characters and a constant level of high quality .
There is an old old retired miner who manges to go down the mine by ladder when the elevator breaks down .
This makes some of the scenes in the movie much more effective .
Especially liked the portrayal of different types of characters that the bird spends time with .
Make sure to catch it when broadcast .
I suppose is a very big sacrifice , and you can sometimes end up imbalanced in other areas of life .
It is about life itself , about living every day that you 're alive .
It only created more excitement and more passion to do better .
It was just a masterpiece of natural comedy .
Disney movies of the past can sometimes be a little harsh for little kids .
The end is tragic but that is not the essence of the movie .
I now enjoy renting movies and relaxing in my home rather than going to the theater .
Right and wrong , black and white can lose all meaning at the same time it is right in front of us .
The actress is very pretty but shy you would not get that in real life .
Sid seems outside the classic struggle , even though he 's responsible for it .
After the war , he lives anonymously until competing factions wish to dig up his past .
Cinderella , on the other hand , set in a world in which the very dirt sparkles , is clearly the best .
Nathan ran a crap game in the missionary the night they were gone .
You please help me and tell me where i can buy it from .
Edmond begins the film a minor supporting character , but emerges as a tragic hero of some force .
That s the reason for the bathroom scene .
This movie was very , very strange and very , very funny .
That makes the film realistic , even when the story is not that convincing .
She notices a car coming up behind her and it blocks her from backing up .
Ingram portrays the genie as quite a menacing creature , and adds an element of danger to the proceedings .
Pretty good acting performances by the cast .
It was safe to say we were obsessed and for good reason .
Fourth , the entire film focuses on people 's mutual help .
His line delivery is delicious and he is credible and sympathetic and at the same time duplicitous and rascally .
They seem a lot more realistic , if you could ever imagine people starting to sing and dance as realistic .
The murder was brutal , but the daily lives of these people were brutal as well .
It is probably construed to send you home with a smile on your face .
The acting was outstanding in this movie .
His landlady is his protector and great enabler .
I was dancing throughout most of the movie .
I almost began to think that this was a blu ray standard .
And all played out on a landscape of virtual reality swirling beneath that ever expanding vanilla sky .
While there his fortunes take a turn for the best until a bad luck specter from the past comes calling .
The century at war for the twentieth century was truly the century of horrors .
It is ironically this injustice that in some ways brings the two races together , for a time .
The cast is spectacular , the cinematography and direction impeccable .
This is pure science fiction , not the cowboys in space that passes for the genre today .
He got some shots he had no hope of achieving and the impact of them brought a sense of reality to the film .
Filmed in black and white , it manages to convey a genuinely creepy miasma .
This movie is great entertainment to watch with the wife or girlfriend .
A pale look and those minor mannerisms just seem to haunt you .
This allows you to really go deeper into the mind of each one .
Her acting in this one does not come off well by today 's standards .
Tadashi 's sister stays with their dad and they talk frequently on the phone .
I 'd love to hear from those that have an opinion on this subject .
She finally corrals the big man himself and is able to quit her day job .
I have asked around and none of my friends who watched it were any the wiser either .
A nice man and his wife let him stay in their yard while he gets it fixed .
It is the seat of a publicity firm , so there are many fancy posters and wall coverings around .
There is a lot at stake here , from physical survival to soulful salvation .
We are taken to see how these people live and the world they live in their own habitat .
Jackass is like a walk in the park compared to this one .
The visual thrills are simply means to an end , to fuel the emotions of the audience .
But they all fit , and they entertain .
He 's more than a knight in shining armor .
Even though he loved her he was really hateful .
All the other actors are well entrenched in their roles .
Very often , it 's quite easy for us to forget we 're actually watching a movie .
It is definitely a movie that will need a box of tissues , but will really stay with you for a long time .
The movie follows these characters as the each follow their own path .
Even with the mistakes in the movie .
The pokemon in this movie come to life more than ever .
He was scared , it was sad to see him devolve how he did .
You really need to see it yourself .
At first glance , it would seem natural to compare
It made you feel like you were really up there .
Putting it on at the stroke of midnight has rather noticeable effects .
Both of them remain beautiful despite their encroaching age .
Throughout the movie , we hear a narration .
This has such a depth to it that it is quite astonishing it was not released theatrically .
And this was the first film projected for the entertainment of the general public .
I think it is tragic that the story is real and this should be a bell for everybody .
He has a good eye , and his store thrives .
This movie is about the complexities of the characters involved .
Films that take you back and let you relive your childhood .
You do not really have to know about the bands to enjoy the movie .
Sirk always knew that cinema was meant to be something else .
Sinister weapons and torture tactics are used throughout the movie and adds to the movies feel .
After all , with that much talent and very good supporting cast , you know the laughs will be there .
A great film requiring an acquired taste .
Rooney is a great dancer , who cares if he is gay .
It took me years to finally get a copy of the film for my collection .
I think you can figure the rest out .
It had a few serious moments , sandwiched between hilarity .
We rushed home and spent the afternoon reading the book so we could compare .
The film will leave you feeling happy and sad all at the same time .
It follows a cute little fox family around .
Through the passing years , they raise a family and watch their simple household weather both feast and famine .
The story follows her in a documentary style on her pursuit to make this happen .
Just do not give him a knife , otherwise his eyes light up and no furniture cushion in the house is safe .
Those decisions affect all the other members of the cast .
If you are interested in watching an intellectual and genuinely wonderful movie ... look no further .
To view this film as another coming of age movie is the miss the movie completely .
Like a good movie will often do , this film will leave you thinking long after the ending credits .
You will remember the hair , the music , and the fashions .
To me the film begs comparison to two films that were released around the same time .
It is not surprising that this character is vulnerable and nominally eccentric .
Fred insisted on keeping the take as the dancing was superb nonetheless .
Ironically , both sit right next to each other on this plane .
Yet it looks like it was seen by some people , albeit it probably very few .
It was recommended to me by a fried several weeks ago .
Only complaint is the musical score seems to slow down further a pace that is relaxing at best .
He plays the role with a lot of confidence .
His choreography is varied and impressive , as is his acting .
Also the last scene when the murderer is after her never rings true .
This movie is a classic in every sense of the word .
Even tough this is a fanfilm of sorts .
Julie stumbles across an ancient prison and sees the perfect creepy , decaying setting for her photography .
This is the one movie to see if you are to wed or are a married couple .
He can act well and that 's come to be expected of him .
The title refers to a flood and a dam breaking causing all kinds of havoc in the countryside .
He is intelligent , fair and virile ...
A cool doc about the creative process .
This film entertained from start to finish .
In reality , sports and romance go together like oil and water .
I 'm sorry for those that do not understand the value of love , family and friendship .
There are scenes that reflect both points which adds to the confusion and gives the film more suspense .
And of course there are numerous cats running around .
Entirely original in it 's visual style , it is one of the best examples of what cinema can be .
Me and some friends then watched it , admittedly whilst rather drunk .
There are also some other very sexy scenes with her and she has some very provocative lines .
Or so you think , for the first half of the movie .
The movie itself was good not exceptional .
The point is this movie deserves repeated viewings .
The editing is perfectly paced , heightening the tension and complimenting the fluid camera work .
The authentic locations are remarkable .
I never got the feeling that he really has problems to climb on a horse or on a rock .
She is deeply involved in the sport of synchronized swimming performing at competitive level .
That 's when unexpected things start to happen .
Everyone in the town is part of the movie .
Melissa plays her role so well in this wanting her parents done away with so she can be with the guy she loves .
The movie is made from a mix of traditional animation , combined with computer generated images .
Victoria does not take him very seriously .
The daughters must come to terms with their mother 's past , and their futures .
I was given a ticket for an advanced screening .
He is a mystery writer who plots to perform the perfect murder .
For it has been told for years and years .
I ca not wait to show it to my niece and nephews .
The story is animated , and provides a lot of wonderous things to see .
I saw an advanced screening for this movie tonight .
One day , he follows her , and his persistence pays off .
He finally defeated his father in terms of pursuing his dream and to left him on his own terms .
You will enjoy it , that 's a promise .
The film seems to kick of as a thriller , and sets an excellent mood .
You start to hate them without exactly knowing why .
Before the regular comments , my main curiosity about
It is a major problem in schools today .
His discovery of the new will , that triggers the final phase of the story , is also thrown away .
Last scene on the rope is phenomenal .
I must say , this movie has given me a dual personality .
His movies are fun , but his personal story is one racked with pain .
I hope to have a chance to see her again on the screen .
The wonderful characters , stories , directors , writers .
It is not every film 's job to stimulate you superficially .
There are wonderfully awkward family moments that are not unrealistic .
We do not walk around in this world and have witty punchlines for everything said , which is in most comedies .
The animation is very well done , often it seems you are wherever the other characters are , watching them .
But war starts and he 's drafted and they have to say an abrupt farewell .
I was really impressed with this film .
Today we have to find a solution in which no one will be humiliated .
If you ask me , they lit up the screen like magic .
As an eagle he was still wearing his turquoise necklace .
It was , for the most part , consistently amusing and funny .
Grayson is charming , her performance is sophisticatedly understated , and she 's simply gorgeous .
It 's about three sisters trying to wrest control of their dead father 's estate .
Denis makes her point about the effects of colonialism without preaching or romanticizing the characters .
All centering around sex , and who can get with how many different people come the end of the film .
But they do all tend to suffer from the same weakness .
It literally covers the entire planet , covering all seven continents .
Never mind females advanced aging dilemma's , human fear vaults off the screen for your viewing .
There are a lot of things wrong with it .
See it , and do not be put off because it is animated .
Irish countryside is as beautiful as ever .
While one is always ready to suspend disbelief while watching a movie , this one asks too much of the viewer .
There are shades of both prior films , the plotting , pace and smarts recall
Yet it 's extremely relevant to society and everybody .
Ossessione is a very complex film with complex characters .
You do not have to be a fan to enjoy this film .
This movie has a dark and vicious tone to it and you are drawn into the vibe .
Hannah is very believable as a young woman whose father 's death triggers a need to discover her family 's past .
But the film was forgotten when it first came out , and became even more overlooked as the years passed .
Absolutely well worth your time , just make sure to settle in to watch it , without any interruptions .
I bought this game on an impulse buy from walmart .
Perhaps it is because she is surrounded by all that genius .
These two should have had a lot more time on screen together .
Fall in love with characters and the feel good essence of the small town where people were nicer to each other .
This film is one of the best biopics to hit the screen in some time .
Most of what you see is of the bands on tour .
It brings him to tears , until a little fox hears him bawling and befriends him .
The music in the background had some kind of magic .
Could almost believe this was a true story in a parallel universe .
We got into it with some crazy motherfockers .
The music is the core of this movie , and an overwhelming majority of it is stellar and very catchy .
More than anything , however , there 's the movie 's sunny optimism .
I think there 's a genuine cause for its breadth .
A fine cast and a slick story with some unexpected twists and turns in it in which nothing is what it seems .
She is wounded , she needs a rest , but police almost catch them .
However , it 's a good movie and the acting is good , too .
I was totally enthralled by this film .
Great storyline with a romantic , horrific , and ironic plot .
There were many truths this movie brought up .
He was not great but he was just fine in the role .
This movie is rich with action and gore .
All the actors have done their best and the movie races on thrilling you at every moment .
This guy buys the house , but it is not the house that takes center stage , but a rather strange wax museum .
This season was the one that was most about actual business skills .
It was a neat way of pointing out connections between situations in the movie and the books .
Sirk 's melodramas were , as the very word signifies , dramas with music .
There are many references and inside jokes about show business .
To have endured wickedness as a child but to rise above that , shows a magnificent character .
This film takes a little more patience than usual , and it 's really not for everyone .
A movie you will hate watching alone .
The realism achieved by shooting at the actual world cup qualifier really transports you to the event .
The other actors are well for their parts .
Maybe it 's all about what you expect a movie to do to you .
But there is something gripping about this movie .
Less sex and less realism , but a tale with great humanism and warmth .
This subject continues to fascinate us even with the passing of years .
The adaptation is loose at best , but really , if you 're watching a musical , you ai not there for the story .
The leads are all good but especially the guy who stars , also wrote and produced the movie .
Pace was just right and the portrayals of nearly all characters was impressive .
Throughout , the cinematography is solid .
She carries with her , in her speech and manner , the rich glitter of outright lunacy .
This comedy with much underlying pain and sadness succeeds where most others fail .
As far as the romance goes , this is just perfect .
It does get better with every viewing .
The end result is a fun movie with surprises throughout .
It 's one of the best blitzkriegs put on screen .
Lots and lots of romance and terror .
However , there are some profound words there .
Polanski was always a master at building unease , and moments in this film are almost unbearably creepy .
I was under impressed by it and my feelings have not much changed .
He exudes a wonderful refined malice .
So that 's for your consideration if you also finds the movie 's theme is a little bit phony .
The film itself has a very polemic scene about the consecration of wine in the cabaret .
Made a better house and girlfriends .
It 's awfully underrated and deserves accolades and attempts at a revival .
The small snatches of dialogue are , thankfully , unintrusive .
What they fail to realise is the lyrics themselves .
However i can remember strongly how i felt while watching it and how thrilled i was every time it came on .
I began a frantic search for a film that was frightening in the same way .
I had my doubts about it at first but the movie got better and better for each minute .
Instead , it shows you the rough side of the lifestyle of hustling .
The film 's screenplay contains plenty of surprises and plot twists .
For two people who have been hurt , they find trust together .
Sometimes we should just sit back and enjoy the story without attempting to review it .
The ogre itself looks really silly and it 's a good job that we do not get to see it very often .
This is definitely a role he was born to play .
Our hero tells his boss he is quitting .
His inner light and exceptional talent shines through in every scene , every interaction , in every meeting .
This finale was very good and occurred in the rain .
It reminds one why independent film is perhaps the brightest star the film industry currently has .
Stop the neo cons ruling the world .
She states the obvious in subtle , near subliminal remarks .
Well eventually they do , after the typhoid or cholera outbreak , of course , and much mayhem ensues .
It explains a lot of the stuff that the movie neglected to mention .
The story is minimalistic , and done so on purpose .
He was actually playing cello which was very impressive , and his lines were never forced .
Winning performances from both these actors give this film its main strength .
This movie has the thought occur to him , but too late .
Make sure you do not have to take the subway right after watching this film ...
He supplies the warmth , she supplies the coolness , and somehow , together they spark .
It 's worth watching for kids and even sentimental adults like myself .
She explores jobs , friendships , boy friends , sex , a typical young adult search .
With great acting , directing , effects , music and generally everything .
The clothes were my favorite part of the movie , it was so cute .
You see brilliantly downplayed idiots who yet again find themselves in a situation too big for their brains .
The film has a very professional look .
The filmmaker takes the archetypical story of a kid on a wondrous quest out of the preschool classroom .
A son marries his childhood sweetheart , upsetting his father .
I trust they learn one lesson though .
I saw an advert for this on a video .
There is a bold color theme throughout the movie with extraordinary costumes and picturesque sets .
But when things eventually fit together , wow .
There 's a big stone castle that 's obviously ancient , yet no one 's noticed it before .
As kids we ranked the scariest movies of all time and this one was number four .
The screenplay is beautiful , clever and witty .
One is about love , and the other is about redemption .
This film was thrown away by its studio .
While good with his hands at building a conservatory , he is unable to construct meaning in his life .
Still , these characters weave a very interesting web together .
So by this time he was pretty well set in the role .
I had never heard of the others in the movie .
It 's possible that some people could not understand all this well , because all the scenes are mixed among them .
Holes only leaves troble , which makes a movie so good .
It comes off as highly disturbing , so if you like your straight forward anime , this is not a film for you .
There are idiosyncrasies in the characters that seem to me , so unique .
I would have rather seen more of the present than past but that s just my opinion .
The writing is sharp and the direction is good enough for the ideas to come through , though hardly perfect .
The stunts are so clever and wild i do not think we will see the likes of ever .
In todays time he would be referred to counseling for his sexual addition .
My side 's were thoroughly wrecked by the first episode .
Her little boy is sprightly , as little boys are , but plainly damaged and withdrawn at times too .
The prison used as a set is incredibly atmospheric and easily the most important character in the film .
It is a lovely looking film , with gorgeous animation .
The whole thing is extremely funny and done with great panache .
This is as good a performance as he 's ever given .
Wow are we ever going to miss his movies if society collapses .
They are essentially the same movie , just about different worlds , and yes , the same jokes work in both movies .
Further the costumes , if you 're drawn to fashion and costumes , are extraordinarily well done .
However , this may cause fans of the original shows to hate it .
Yes , a child 's story in a way , but then again a mature tale .
Look at the cast listing , and realize that everyone shines .
Elvira actually is a real witch , she just does not know it .
And even the optical effects supporting her kind of movement are very well made .
The kept her entertained and happy the entire time .
I love when people ask me what this film is about .
He was phenomenally exciting to hear in a video game .......
Isolation , desperation , deep emotional dead ends , problematic affairs , perversion , complexes , madness .
Paulie 's worldly , but he is also naive in his way .
Without spoiling so much , of course there is a red herring and a twist .
The different stories are baked together with actual footage from the time that gives it a very unique touch .
A delightfully campy and seamy riot .
It was curious seeing so many soon to be famous actors when they were very young .
This sexual bifurcation is the result of the perfectly normal process of natural selection .
The crew that is to accompany him is the same as his grandfathers .
Granted it 's not perfect , but nothing ever is .
Even the music was outstanding in this episode .
It can now be the time for this broken man to finally win his penultimate battle .
Fi you want to watch a movie that does not demand much other then to sit back and relax then this is it .
A man is forty years old and he is a virgin .
It 's great entertainment , it also painted the people as human on our level not below us .
This director and writer team got it right .
It needs to be said though there is a rule that was made that made the movie that much better .
Sadly our society has so much available , discounting small attempts is too easy .
She does not want them but reluctantly takes them in .
It must have been the quickest easiest show to edit ever , shockingly amateur .
When the two long time friends reunite , it only makes the film better .
This journey is precipitated because of the sons economic crisis and his intentions to put her in a nursing home .
It is at the same time a very brave ending .
The emotion was genuine , especially in the dramatic second half .
However , if you ask me , it was still a good show .
However , if you ask me , it was still a good show .
Eventually they develop a mutual understanding for one another and become friends .
Homer is the carrier of the project but he is also the carrier of the inspiration he and his friends need .
But , in the film you will notice fresh paint on the walls .
The whole movie itself somewhat rips on game shows and big brother watching you .
Tapping can breathe some life into the program or it wo not last beyond the fourth season .
The story the movie tells about partition is a very very important story and one that should never be forgotten .
The initial woman storms out , and she is kidnapped .
It does this while being relentlessly entertaining .
If you 're a western fan , be sure to check it out if you have a chance .
Joe is a handsome , strong man who , for the most part , has a good outward appearance .
I loved these moments because they were just so real .
The location was really chosen well .
Slowly , yet steadily , man and boy warm to each other .
It wo not shake the world or change movies forever .
It was very heart felt and had a lot of humor that gets you sucked right in .
But that aside it is as near perfect as it could have been .
As they get to know him better , they come around to accept him and make him one of them .
The dance between the airplane flying over and the girl 's car makes for a series of great shots .
It 's availability is in direct contrast to it 's popularity amongst those in the know about horror films .
You give good actors good work to play with and they give us something more back .
Check the full credits on the main page and you will amazed .
The story is universal in that it 's a battle between good , evil and the world between .
A very strange and compelling movie .
This was a subtle put down against meat eating .
Eva goes for a horseback ride and happens across a beautiful lake .
The scene where he shaves his beard and you first see him at the bar .. still gives me goosebumps .
I may be the only person who really liked this flick .
The rest of the cast fits into their roles and brings their literary counterparts to life .
Flabbergasted at what he says , his family passes that idea over their heads and continues with life as usual
He 's a deadbeat loser , but he 's so likable that it does not matter .
I 've shown it to a number of people and everyone seems to agree hands down .
Instead of focusing on the thrills , he focuses on the story and the characters .
Potter is light and he succeeded in this film that will delight fans of classic comedies .
The movie has a really great story that involves espionage , though the movie does not start of like that .
The ladies of the piece are also well portrayed .
Much of the film is made up of huge action sequences which are very exciting .
Kline do a great job of filling the screen with interesting images and sounds , to spice things up .
This is an accomplished artist at the top of her craft .
Gone are the days of feelgood , family friendly cop shows .
The final five minutes are heart breaking yet some of the greatest moments in the film .
And the tension drops a little bit during the very end .
The movie is engrossing and fast paced .
It was one of the successful movies in the year in which it was released .
Not for younger or more sensitive kids though .
What follows is the aftermath of the tragedy , as it concentrates on a young woman who has survived it .
Shakti is sure to get the critics and audience thumps up .
Although this film is clearly targeted for an older audience , it should please anyone .
Later through the film , the teenagers start dying in the most gruesome of ways possible .
The rest of the quirky characters at the store were perfect as they tried to bring them together .
Kidman 's injured harm hampered his offense , but he continued to battle hard .
At a real step show , there is zero need for music , other than to maybe entertain the crowds in between groups .
King riots , but even a few months before was timely enough .
That 's what you must discover by yourself .
She was more conventional than her own mom .
Recommend to anybody who needs to see a good clean movie with no ' monkey business ' .
One hot night , four famous iconic figures will come together .
And it does not stop there , they have a final shock for you .
My only complaint with the movie was the ending .
They were so funny and all the noises
To tell you the truth , the topic is presented in a very clean manner .
Clearly some other viewers did not understand what 's so beautiful and interesting in this movie .
I loved that the film does not follow a normal path .
Marcus , who is a genius at numbers , sees opportunities where others would not .
The special effects are cheesy fun , as is the story .
Some are straightforward in nature , while others have to come up with gimmicky twists that thankfully worked .
Fido is to be commended for taking a tired genre , zombies , and turning it into a most original film experience .
The situation of tragedy was artificially created .
Brosnan may be cinema 's ultimate charmer , but this is his most endearing and complete performance to date .
The earth spins , carrying you , carrying us both who will surely meet .
But he has not given any details on the crime to the fellows , nor do they really know each other at all .
He gets a chance to show off a bit .
Everybody has his or her own agenda .
Kim 's battle against the geometric cutter pods in the laser maze can be taken as an excellent example of this .
I had a dad , two sisters , and a dog .
And it 's got everything else on top of that .
I still remember some of the scenes .
You will either really love it or really hate it .
I will go rent this movie to fully enjoy it .
Any way you break it down , it 's not easy .
It is beautifully filmed and there 's next to no dialogue .
It shows , for a split second , that the main character 's brother is watching those sick videos online .
And you can see the mutual adoration in every scene .
This is the future symbolically speaking , and the old bathhouse we will see in the next scene is the past .
If you want to know why , you will have to have seen it for yourself .
He pays her a visit one fateful day .
Lasalle is a withdrawn , possessed elderly man , in for brutally murdering his wife .
Tourneur is struggling to remember who hit him as he was ending a deer 's sufferings on the road .
It is like a trip through humanity .
Maybe only one exists and dreams of the others .
The two friends literally have to run for their lives .
Kudos to the casting department on their choices there .
This movie is about sexual obsession .
If you are not a fan it will make you one .
I think the value of this series is beyond counting .
Worth watching once , maybe twice if you do not remember it from years ago , and then putting away .
The inference is that he has no time to think and can not afford feelings .
The director did a great job here that gets high respect .
It 's incredible that there is at least one woman in this world who is like this , and it 's scary too .
It 's just that our imaginations are much more powerful when reading a book like this .
Her as if for the first time again .
We follow the cases from the investigation of complaints to the outcomes of the trials .
The ballet alone cost more than half a million dollars , a staggering sum at the time .
Europa is what cinema should strive to be .
As you get further and further into this story , you can not figure this guy out .
One of those movies which definitely inspires you for all of your life .
Everyone in the audience laughed , gasped and cheered at the same time , as if we were on cue .
In the last part , the story becomes very dramatic and culminates in a tense , thrilling battle .
All the protagonists in this film are just fun to watch .
There is one utterly fantastic line in this film that just says it all .
I only wish that there was a more developed story and it went on a bit longer than it did .
This was definitely a case of no small parts , only small actors .
The bus driver reassures everyone that nothing 's wrong , and continues on .
A movie has never made me so happy .
The movie made ever so much more since .
The frog ca not transform into a water lily , or a princess , because the water lily lost the frog 's respect .
But anyways , the movie is actually one of the few family movies that holds your interest .
However it emerges at the end of the day a winner , despite all its flaws .
Go make the judgment for yourself , and see the movie .
Forget the jaded comments that come before these .
My kids watched it , and they loved it too .
I remember when something like that happened to me ... is all through it .
See this movie if you 're into adult humor .
Thunderdome fight , and a short massacre later .
It also builds up to a shock ending that can be seen coming from a mile away .
The technical mastery is astounding .
This is a bad movie in the traditional sense , but taken for what it is meant to be it is quite good .
It might be a documentary , but it is really good .
Set in a futuristic police state where the government controls everything , including the television networks .
As it stands now , it 's on about the same level as the rest of the scoring .
Perhaps more than many films , this one is not for everyone .
The operation , done without our modern conveniences , was bloody and difficult .
I did not set very high expectations for this movie , which left me pleasantly surprised .
Gypo gets his friend killed and sinks into a pit of despair and drunkenness .
The film does have it 's problems though , for certain .
A very good and unusual movie score too .
Allen 's intentions are good , he wants his wife to get out of her depression by resuming her photography .
He does a great job with an accent .
And of course here it 's not the father , but his grandfather who tells the stories .
I recommend this film for anybody interested in the show .
The style , the music , the photography .
The cast performance is good , in my opinion no one hits the wrong note .
But you ca not really understand this movie without seeing it .
It 's full of emotion and the direction is done well .
This is an absolutely charming film , one of my favourite romantic comedies .
High quality realistic story and movie .
Firstly , this is simply the funniest movie
I 'm definitely going to keep watching for resolve as well as development .
There are dozens of funny moments to this fantastic movie .
But anyway , you got ta see this movie .
He lives high above whoville and has never mingled well with the townfolk .
But we always have the movies as a way to escape our troubles .
Haley , despite his prominent billing , is also wasted .
Egan alone makes the six or so hours of this miniseries worth seeing from his performance alone .
The production value , sets , costumes , etc. were perfect .
She was articulate , in character , and cute .
The movie is very personal , and worth watching twice .
Along the way it need not have ever come to a crisis .
Maybe not a masterpiece , but a very good try by the entire crew .
I have also heard many complain about the cheesiness of the nudity .
Well he has no school tuition , ca not find a job .
I bet next time they will give the movie and actresses a chance .
They are an up and coming rap group whose politics makes them controversial .
There are much more comedy in this , good one , though .
Buster in his blissful innocence botches every act .
Finally , the ending is really rather hopeful and sweet .
It always looks the part and the story stays in the mind like a good ' un .
Her church fellows cheer for her and say they will pray for her .
Palance is his usual evil presence .
I bought this a while ago but somehow neglected to watch it until last night .
One of the first movies to portray the psychological desolation of death row .
He encouraged me to watch this movie because it was one of his favorites .
It s amazing they managed to jam all this into one fifty minute film .
Do not be expecting any laughs , though .
Quite simply the best reality show ever made .
Yes , there is melodrama in this story , and yes , there is a lot of coincidence , too .
Most films typically show the injustices of one side while showing the suffering of the other .
The viewer only sees her a few times , but you feel her malevolent presence in every frame .
My parents in all their wisdom rented this one .
Sure it 's long , but it 's length is a testimony to how true to the original musical script the film is being .
There will be more coming from this director in the future as well as the actor .
One only seeks good stories and entertainment and this is exactly what this film provides .
He changes in the movie to a believable degree , he does 'nt crack
It is one of my all time favourite songs .
She is not caught up in the trendy competitiveness around her .
Theirs is one of the classic love stories of the cinema .
When you really want it , it will not come as you wished .
It is not only believable , it happens every day .
The movie is kind of ahead of its' time .
He spots another couple kissing on a park bench , and he has a blast ruining their fun .
I have only seen it twice and have been hunting it everywhere .
Please do not ruin this great piece by your simple mindedness .
Duvall has a small role , which does not allow him to do much with his weird character .
This is a cleaver film featuring love through the ages .
She is the control factor to all that goes on until she , too , gives in to experience .
The costumes worn by the actors are beautiful and the town in which the novela takes place is beautiful .
We were both quite impressed with the complexity of the plot and found it to be emotionally moving .
As it stands , it 's still an admirable version of the original .
Gret movie and great story and plot .
The characters all feel very real and they are extremely compelling to watch .
I then lucked into a copy to purchase at economical price and am happy for my luck .
All the leads are well acted , the characters complex and the directing quite competent for this type of picture .
This film deals mostly with the melodramatic concerns of the three sisters .
Taking that into consideration , it is definitely not a movie for mindless entertainment .
And the flashing back between present and past is a little hard to follow at first .
Throughout the episode it is so wet , soggy , and muddy , it could not have been that much fun .
Sexuality is a big theme within the movie , which gets handled delicately and subtle .
Most of the supporting cast are veterans not first timers and they were solid .
He considered this his finest performance and apparently was none too pleased to lose out .
If you have experienced the lifestyle , see this movie .
Ford touches , but rather fewer than you would expect .
It shows how a young gay boy would be treated while growing up .
Tandy breaks the record as the oldest actress .
He is the prototypical mean drunk uncle , mischievous and cunning and oblique .
More problematic is the incoherency .
Since the bulk of the movie fell on his shoulders , he really needed to be excellent and he was .
We start all of our reviews with the following information .
In this film all those ingredients are presented in a delightfully artful and gracefully slapstick way .
I would tell viewers who have not seen the movie to go ahead and buy it .
That involves bring some hired gunman with him and forcibly stealing some of the other miner 's claims .
What ensues is mostly a journey through the man 's psyche .
It 's a good thing she was not in charge of the visuals .
This was a great example of camp , that was also underplayed , by both the actor and actress .
Through a road trip a father and son connect for the first time in their lives in the midts of a family crisis .
This film tells it 's tale with everyday scenes that manage to revel the poignancy hidden within .
Really , it 's just a beautifully detailed surrealist journey .
Yet it is also dignified in a way hard to describe .
If you are not a fan of well done films of course you would hate this .
I began looking sometime before the rape scene .
My wife is a teacher and she is very familiar with the story , having read it to several of her classes .
He imprints one of the most memorable and despicably likable characters of the decade .
It was almost as good as being there .
Europa is probably the differential for its greatness in visual terms .
That leads to some accidents on the way out of the cell into the unknown light .
I am so glad the footage exists to show people how it was on the day .
Maybe she was not available though .
Some moist escaped my eyes , but it were hardly buckets filled with tears .
Excellently made buddy film , even though it is today politically incorrect .
In the first movie , the hero discovered his abilities and he accepted them in the second one .
I happened to catch this movie on cable one afternoon .
If they said it i must have missed it .
Pena , a good actress , is one of the best reasons for watching the movie .
One of the coolest things about the film is that they only used seven colors to make it look like a comic strip .
Still the movie has its moments and is quite watchable .
It is a comedy with a touch of fantasy .
I would love to find a way to show it to others .
Indeed , there is some truth in it .
A couple of the characters , in particular , were exceptionally believable .
Shakespeare said that we are actors put into a great stage .
It even has interesting dialogue at times , some cool moments , and a creepy noir feel .
It even has interesting dialogue at times , some cool moments , and a creepy noir feel .
It was not your typical war flick but something a bit different .
I would be interested in hearing from you .
This movie fully suits that purpose .
Watch one of the brightest ones of the summer right now .
I am really surprised why this has not received the recognition it deserved .
It 's definetely not a super scary movie , which is good if you do not want to be scared and paranoid afterwards .
I always wondered how he felt showing himself naked in a movie .
I love this movie and recommend it to anyone that is looking for a memorable flick .
Mean while he has two other girlfriends who love him but he treats as appetizers .
A wonderful drama which left myself and my husband felling that the evening had been well spent .
The movie develops all the characters so that you real care about them all and you feel like you know them .
This film also included one of the most imaginative escape scenes in recent years .
It is a critical subconscious trigger to the lock tumbler that wound us up so tight .
He also refuses to leave the bottle .
This is the best mob film ever made .
I kept expecting it to fall apart , but it never really did .
Raw charisma and requisite martial arts skills are complimented by heart to make her personal drama believable .
Some will say it 's just too sick , and it 's easy to see where they 're coming from .
In summary the film was more interesting than staring at the seat in front of me , but it was a close call .
There are many classic moments in this movie .
The film offers an adventure of bonding , caring , sharing , changing , and exchanging .
But it really is very tastefully done .
It is about normal life in a small village .
The basic story is about two teens who find out about a slimy alien blob of goo that arrives to earth via meteor .
Being that this is a reunion , you would expect for a fan of either show to enjoy this .
This incident is shown in a very disturbing flashback , snippets of which recur before each new murder .
The pace of the film is introspective , poignantly slow , meditative .
Once you start watching this , you really want to see it through .
The locales are nice , the characters are likable and goodlooking and the supporting actors are pretty good .
But it curses the film as well , because we never really get a chance to grasp everything that is going on .
However , much of these sequences show only implied violence with pictures of the horrific aftermath .
It is very hard to say which actor 's performance stands out above the rest in this movie .
The special effects are very good as is the story line .
My eyes became wet in these two scenes .
The gorilla was the first and almost died , so when he came to , it was a close one .
Many scenes gripped the imagination and created a nail biter .
We did not know what to expect other than who and what it was about .
Little does she know , she 's got another one on her hands .
All those who praise the film for it 's drug usage , it 's violence , it 's dialog , totally missed the point .
For the very first time i liked a movie that has raised some social questions .
We get to see a lot of synchronized swimming as we become familiar with the three girls .
The action is violent , but it s an action film .
Too me and many others it 's this series .
Besides all of that , there 's an entertaining mystery tale involving the above mentioned murders .
The fight seen in the end is worth watching ten or twenty times .
She 's morphed surprisingly into a klutzy , bespectacled but still pretty coed .
Either way , his performance is very well done .
In the game you play spiderman and you take on various criminals who commit crimes .
This is a lot better than the first one .
I think that the movie was kind of weird .
Ben immediately covers his ears and starts shrieking like a banshee so as not to hear the outcome .
Her second run of the deceitful novelist is right on the spot as earlier .
Anyone who says it is has not seen it or is not living with the scars of war on their souls .
The sexuality angles in the film can seem unnecessary and can probably affect how much you enjoy the film .
Personally engaging to the ninth degree , the film invests one with an undeniable shared feeling for our lives ' .
It is the acting that makes the flashbacks so enthralling and fluid .
It 's a story to entertain , not to question .
In search of grass for their animals .
The two little child actresses are wonderful too .
Roy employs a level of character development that makes it s story even more believable and gripping .
The setting of the film is a combo of many time periods .
The quality of animation leaves room for complaint .
You wo not learn the meaning of life , but you will learn how to live and get the most out of it ...
Somehow this movie is being able to balance the different moods and keeps being good .
This is about trust violation , soul desecration and the scars that run deep .
One of the most interesting things about this movie is its use of music as a motif .
This is a pretty well known one so i wo not get too deep into it .
This movie , very much worth watching , is .
Both films have a rambling , vague quality , along with complicated meanings and characters .
Really , everyone else thinks highly of it .
It also happens that her great uncle is secretly an evil warlock and very intent on laying hands on the old book .
He punches the wall , leaving a hole in it and walks away .
It has completely different style compared to the japan animation and i kinda like it more .
It 's natures way of forgiving you .
Before you read the review already knew what was the final judgment .
Kirk and crew land on a lonely planet where the sun is about to explode .
The movie actually has a fairly good story , but gets bogged down in several key places .
Visually and in terms of effects work , other than the clean look of everything it 's hard to find fault .
It was a great movie with a good storyline about the vanishing traditions of our society .
In this movie you can see how all these factors play together in a very explicit way .
It takes a simple basic premise and tells a story , without a spectacle .
He is a movie critic so for him to say this tells me something .
The music used in the film is also particularly powerful .
If you have a minimum of heart you will do not regret watching it
The music fit the tone of the movie great , and you can tell the director knew what he was doing .
I think it 's not only a very good , but a very important , movie .
It is my belief that the animation was made dry and gritty on purpose .
Rosenstrasse has not fared well in the opinions of most film critics .
There are so many emotions thrown into this film .
The story of a disgraced doctor finding his way into a criminal world is well scripted .
When he 's not using web in combat , he punches and kicks as well .
It 's very harsh and cruel at some points and sadly it 's very close to reality .
It also breaks many librarian stereotypes .
He is a man who has , in his own words , been running from any emotion .
He manages to bring reality to his character that leaves a strong impression .
It 's really hilarious , combined with his comical figure and that mustache .
This is a story about dance that actually has a story , and a good one at that .
Yet , in the modern world these works of art endure in photos and videos .
Arguably , this is one of the best martial arts films out there .
The meeting of two different worlds .
Some of that time is covered in the film as well .
I watched , entranced and mesmerized , by the vocal and physical acting .
I loved the girl who he fell in love with too , she was pretty .
Be one of ten people in the world who have seen this movie .
It will leave a smile on your face for days .
I know it is fashionable now to hate this movie .
Well it was , the movie is about a young boy who travels the universe to get a metal body so he can seek revenge .
This movie kept me interested and absorbed beginning to end .
They come to truces but distrust takes over and they start again .
At its heart , this documentary is incredibly sad .
You could really tell that they both loved their jobs .
So was the case with most of the reviewers .
If they address these things rather than spitting out time travel episodes , this will be an interesting series .
He took everything that life could throw at him and still managed to retain a sense of humour .
I enjoy watching the chefs hustle and the challengers are surprising .
Especially for such an overhyped film .
Katey and the three kids are really a solid professional cast .
It is a not a special movie because it talks about a normal couple , and normality is the center of this movie .
If you 're going to accept whatever faith you subscribe to you can certainly accept a movie .
This is a fascinating work on numerous levels .
You soon adjust to the look and pace of this production .
Just laugh and enjoy it and next episode we can get back to the serious stuff of protecting the universe .
It should be considered a classic but is lost in space .
By the second season the famous figures were becoming a mite obscure for all by the most dedicated history buff .
The play has flashing wit , buoyant humor and bitter sarcasms .
He discovers past and present unsolved murders , apparently by the same person .
The movie is just plain fun .... maybe more fun for those of us who were young and fans of
He is the glue that holds everything together .
He is counselled in therapy by a psychiatrist and it is that relationship which takes center stage in the play .
Yuzna restrained himself of his common excesses and the result is great .
If you want to entertain children without being bored to tears this fits the bill .
The colors all had a texture that really set the atmosphere of the film .
However , if you can get over the film 's shock , and embrace
So , all of them sign a peace treaty and become friends ... which is not going to last for long .
The reason to watch this movie is the atmosphere .
Shaw 's play is full of comedic drama , combining an entertaining plot with true philosophical depth .
It begins a bit campy , but really improves .
The movie is admirable in the way it conveys a sense that people ca not be made right .
These are qualities that seem natural from him .
Because that is what it is all about , what drives the characters and therefore the entire story .
Her smile is radiant and her beauty ca not be disguised .
She gives her all every time she is on stage .
She gives her all every time she is on stage .
I will actually agree with that in some ways .
It holds your attention from the start and its pace never slows .
I happened to watch this movie by chance some days ago while flipping channels .
I 've seldom heard such serious , beautiful , poetic , wondrously sung and played songs on any movie soundtrack .
However , because they so often lack realism they are prevented from being truly great films .
I give it eight out of ten stars , extremely impressed .
One of the nicest parts of the film is the relaxed way the in which the other children treat him .
It 's a movie that breaths through amazing acting and a very interesting directing touch .
All in all , a well acted , touching ... but troubling film .
All characters have their troubles , with their family or friends or just with life itself .
Unconvinced the cloak is the cause , he does everything he can to prove it 's just in his imagination .
If non sequiters , foul language , and complete and utter randomness are your thing , you 're going to love this .
If non sequiters , foul language , and complete and utter randomness are your thing , you 're going to love this .
Go make yourself a big bowl of popcorn and enjoy something fun in an old fashioned way .
I was able to watch this movie without looking at the time .... sometimes .
That 's cool , long as you recognize it as fiction .
The pace is brisk , the acting fine and the conclusion is not bad at all .
For almost a year he does not set a food in the reserve , but than he returns .
This was not an issue , they both perform very well .
We can see the struggle within in him as he embarks to make his father proud .
He plays a man who is in love with a girl but is too pig headed to admit his feelings to her .
Good guys and bad guys compete for the mine and who is who gets confusing .
It 's pretty funny and quite graphic .
You feel the moment when this love blossoms , the first whispers , touchings .
Without being one of my favorites , this is good for being a change of pace ... even if only for a few minutes .
And the technical ones are , well , extremely technical .
And the technical ones are , well , extremely technical .
What the filmmakers do with the concept is unexpected and fun .
This is a really fun , breezy , light hearted romantic comedy .
All in all , most of the film goes down very easily .
In this case , it was job advancement with the ultimate goal of money ..... lots of it .
Din a new experience in entertainment .
The other sons where killed by the other brothers in a humorous competition to see who lives to get the throne .
The two are thrown into one of the most fun and intriguing storylines in any animated film .
They often show immediately who is the most reliable , who is the most trustworthy , and who is hard working .
Easily the greatest low budget horror film of all time .
Those two new freedoms began social changes that soon became institutionalized .
I saw a special advance screening of this today .
The two leads play off each other beautifully .
Best of all , though , he allowed himself to cut loose for the long ballet sequences that end all his movies .
And hence , we set off in this arduous journey with father and son , being not the best of pals .
Not only is the history correct , but the style is sumptuous and yet intimate .
We are told the obligatory story that they were mocked , but the film also seems to contradict this .
A complex and engrossing story , too .
The finale , also , is one of the reasons to enjoy this movie .
Hanks is my favorite actor , so this film has a special place in me .
An inventive , suspenseful exercise in claustrophobia .
It s sound a film from the early days that plays like a movie from five or six years later .
I mean seriously do not get me wrong these people did great , but different versions for different people .
Yes for the most part the characters are broadly written and acted .
Nevertheless the storyline is absolutely fantastic .
Still the music and the scenery make this a must watch every holiday .
His stifled sob at the dinner was brilliant .
Sometimes realism can work against the effectiveness of a film .
This movie has it s ups and downs , but to me the good stuff in this movie very much outweighs the bads ...
There is no such a thing as perfect murder .
This movie not only shows this , but it also shows how people can change their lives and choose happiness .
The script is clever and involving and has a refreshing feel to it .
Maltin 's movie guide gives it two out of four .
She soon discovers that she has nowhere to go .
You would have to see her again and again .
The story takes you through the life of one person who has lost his life and is looking to regain it . 
I think all of us , at one time or another , were the unpopular one in school who was always picked on .
It was more impressive than personally affecting , and at over two hours it just started to drag .
Movies that are now considered classics .
Many of the buildings he visited in his life are still standing .
It could also be seen as a kind of documentary .
The film as a whole is a good example of a solid , workmanlike biopic , thoughtful and informative .
The story is well told , and complete .
It was truly a movie that got better and better as it progressed .
I cherish each and every frame of this beautiful movie .
It 's one of those things where words do not explain it adequately , and you just got ta see it .
All of what you see was the desired effect .
I hope it will be remembered for starting a long tradition of world cinema movies .
His friends are real chimps , people wearing larger ape costumes , and elephants .
And the use of restaurants in the film was fascinating .
The witty dialogue , great script and attention to detail are the other things that make this such a good movie .
In film , you trade that for visuals and sound that convey the same elements in a different way .
His other mistress is definitely more attractive than the actual woman .
I think this movie is absolutely beautiful .
They convince her to make the film and at the preview she is a great success .
Of course , it happened many years before she was born , but you would not guess from the way she tells it .
I just love the story and the things that goes on in the film .
But that 's coming from a girl who owns a first addition of the book .
This movie is nothing short of a dark , gritty masterpiece .
Not for everybody , however , but is a beautiful movie .
It lent to the atmosphere , by having a dark , yet at the same time welcoming atmosphere , itself .
The music is fantastic , hypnotic , sexy and appropriately driving at times .
The result is an incredible look inside the mind of a con artist .
Sometimes the story may seem to go nowhere and you get tired of scenes here and there but it 's a mixed movie .
The story and the process of madness and loss of identity of the lonely
Towards the end of the film the young doctor meets his true love in a busy street .
Flavia comes under the influence of one of the nuttier nuns .
You either see it or miss it and there 's no time to observe , to comprehend .
I really am shocked to see the number of reviews that lambaste this movie .
It 's sometimes erotic , sometimes disgusting , and occasionally funny .
This is possibly the funniest , most entertaining , and least boring film ever made .
And this is a political thriller as good as they get .
This is a movie that ultimately benefits from more than one viewing .
Because it is a movie about oppression .
Washington was also was nominated for best supporting actor for the first time .
I have to check out his other movies .
I feel very sad that so many are criticizing him so harshly .
Whenever the camera focuses on the lady in black .
It believes in the quest of the surfer .
Marie that she would like to have her first orgasm from her .
Che drives an unbreakable doctrine to leave no wounded man behind .
This is a good rental and one of the few you can watch with the whole family .
Not only was the action well choreographed , but it was really brutal .
I do not know about you guys , but that does not happen that often .
Even after he reluctantly takes her back , he 's not too upset when she 's kidnapped .
Now , what detracts from the film is it 's unexpected scariness .
Thank you to all those people , you are our heroes .
He always gives his all even if some of the projects he 's been involved in did not quite hit the highest mark ..
Hopper is a love him or hate him kind of guy .
Flavia is written in such a way to allow those of our era , or of any era , to empathize with her plight .
The film has tons of hilarious moments , almost equal to the drama and action the film holds .
But , for some of you ... , you can thank me later for recommending it to you .
Still , having people 's heads chopped off and sent in boxes and sacks could have been avoided .
Not able to relate , ca not sleep , ca not have love affairs , ca not deal with normal society .
However , unlike most birds , he can speak and understand everything being said .
The filming process is hilarious , and the acting , in general , is good .
This movie is really romantic and dramatic at the same time .
Even today kids will enter beauty contest , many dressed up extremely maturely , for a three yr old .
Watching it makes you feel as if you yourself are strolling through the city streets along with the characters .
That was scary , yet utterly brilliant .
You enter the world by going through a painting .
While , they are searching for the car , they are also reminiscing about the series that they did together .
But the absence of conventional dramatic tension counts for less than it might in a world so subtly drawn .
Watch it to see the magic of being lost in nowhere .
The music is good , too , though it is mostly early in the film , when things are still relatively cheery .
It also shows you why some bullies resort to bullying other children .
It 's not often these days we get a soundtrack entirely dedicated to a comprehensive film score .
The focus of this movie is based on one event during a baseball game .
First , the person responsible for the murders is far too easy to spot .
I think this is awesome , and the other television specials should be looked at as well .
Each of his men , you see their lives virtually from the inside like the truest form of voyerism .
All possess real charm and seek to entertain all the audience , not just the cynics .
Something that makes you jump off your seat .
However , it was a pleasant surprise .
Stunning dialogue , impressive direction and astonishing performances .
I thought this was a wonderful way to end despite anyone else 's criticisms .
The interesting thing about this wonderful number is that a lyric has been left out on purpose .
The film starts out as his film , but by the time it 's over the emphasis definitely switches to her character .
Our hero makes a wager that he can spend the night in the castle and return to collect his winnings .
Let 's talk a little about the visual effects , because they are definitely worth mentioning .
In all , an expensive production with beautiful photography and marvelous production values .
Not recommended for intellectual movie lovers .
My only complaint is that is was too short .
Nice way to keep the action going while the dialog hits a dull bit .
And you got ta love a scene where a guitar shoots lazers and vaporizes headbangers in the crowd .
I know that some people like their films clean , even those with violence in it .
Excellent acting and production combine to make a mystery not easily ... forgotten .
One can tell the novel is written from the heart and the film is a good adaptation of a part of it at least .
We never see her hair throughout the film , nor do we ever get a hint that she still has much .
It contains rare and stunning sequels from the wilderness .
For a movie that gets no respect there sure are a lot of memorable quotes listed for this gem .
In her diary , she did have two more boys and they lived .
The tripods look pretty cool but their walking and deaths could have been better .
Even though it is not very memorable , i will always remember it as the reincarnation episode .
It is accomplished here as well as in any .
When thinking about the animation , it is actually quite good .
Instead of the cursed videotape , we instead having a haunted studio and strange images appearing on film .
Paxton is not clairvoyant as other viewers suggest .
He also makes the point that once you condemn someone to death , you do not want to be around to watch them die .
Colman 's performance is aided by the brilliantly written script .
Thus all his actions become unescapably logical .
The young man back from the service still in love with the girl he left behind .
I still have a lot of appreciation for some of the old movies of this kind .
Very unusual scenics , especially the modern ones .
Not forgetting others in minor roles .
I was totally engrossed in this film from the first to last minute .
The multiple nightmare sequences were pretty freaky .
It presents the changes that take place within the characters personalities as the events precipitate .
But her beauty should not obscure the fact that she was also a very good actress .
The man is in quest of the woman 's attention and affection and the woman is playing hard to get .
We know what he is going to do and what is going to happen before it is even hinted at on the screen .
Therefore it is better constructed as a play , and more meaningful for it 's impact .
All actors are improvising and they are very realistic .
I was in absolute awe of this beautiful lady .
It still gives me chills after reading the book , then watching the movie .
Roy has three villains that are wonderful in their chicanery .
Some real laugh out loud moments , all revolving around sex and his crudeness .
Yet by nature , it is dreamy and untroubled .
The most beautiful thing in this movie is the cinematography .
It 's like watching real animals fight each other , but construed from their own arcane martial arts forms .
He also directs his actors with aplomb , catalyzing often slyly humorous performances .
She plays her role almost immobile in a wheelchair but still brings across her traditional intensity .
It is a blaze of love , fury and vividness ...
Let it be said that , they have a lot more flops than ' hits ' .
Every scene in the film has a point and everything fits together at the end of the film .
So he decides to buy an authentic cloak for his latest vampire role .
He sees no future in that , according to the narrator here .
The film concerns two young men , brothers , on trial for a murder that both claim to have committed .
She is absolutely delightful , at the same time strong , vulnerable evolving from a girl to a woman .
Essentially they are parallel films ... the same story , told in two different ways .
This movie showed us recruits in training before the war and not actually fighting a war .
There are also some great taunts towards
Julian 's job is simply presented as an ' it is what it is ' kind of thing .
It was an accident , and look where it got them .
He also looked good in this movie as compared to his other recent movies .
The cinematography creates the mood along with a very subtle musical background .
Another highlight of the movie is definitely the music , which hopefully will be released soon .
There is a bit of a twist at the end and mainly throughout the whole movie .
Sabu is really the central actor in many scenes and he 's very good .
I got it , but was not laughing very much .
Several holes appeared in the picture , but not enough to offset it being exciting and worth seeing .
Be prepared for quite a lot of violence and blood , there 's also an erotic sex scene .
Last example , consisting of a series of quick , relentless cuts , put together precisely .
I would definitely buy it if they did , and if they do , you should buy it too .
You will be rooting for him even as he takes all his insecurities with the opposite sex and chases
By living in towns and cities we tend to forget that we are part and parcel of this nature .
After each had read the poem , we watched the film together .
It keeps the viewer thinking and guessing all the way .
It really pushes the limits of good taste , but in the end is pretty damn funny .
He was actually great in his role and he was kind of sad person .
Boyle is fun to watch for a bunch of reasons .
Red was the best thing in this film .
It 's a great theme and song even after all these years , it never gets tiring .
You just wish that women like her really existed .
However you need to dig deeper to uncover the true feeling of the true genre .
Prince is actually quite good on the drama side , when he 's not striking a pose .
The faith of the family is shown in basic terms and is obviously a major part of their lives .
The story , cut or not , is still incredibly enthralling .
So , get the lads round , crack open the beers and enjoy .
This movie opened my eyes in that way and in many others .
Even the bad copies around are still enjoyable to watch .
In my opinion , it 's worth watching this story just to see this character develop .
You can only marvel at the perceptions inherent in the characterisation of the two ageing performers .
We all have to go into our own cave of blood sometime in our lives .
This is a powerful family film which can be meaningful for a person of any age .
It s not every time the old ones are that good .
The interesting decision to make the movie multilingual adds something to the spectrum of people who can relate .
During gigs they will fight and bash each other .
It was beautifully done , from cinematography to the acting .
When the penny finally drops his face is a picture .
Best plays on say the last word on the subject of why he was fired .
This is not for the cynical , or the simple minded .
Would have liked to have seen more of the woman who becomes blind and must abandon their mutual journey .
Bill , a free soul without a dime in his pocket .
This romantic drama has a fairly simple story with an unsatisfactory ending .
You will get caught up in the story of one addict then suddenly you 're thrown into the story of another .
The best thing about it is that it does not diminish them in the eyes of the viewer .
See this film to learn how he becomes involved with ballroom dancing and secretly goes to lessons .
The actors in this movie showed that compromise is an important part of life .
I 'm not a follower of a certain movie genre .
But if you look at today 's technology , now ask yourself , what it you were a part of someone else 's dream .
I liked her personality in this too , she had more of a backbone , yet she was still kind .
The makeup and costume for the ghost are kept simple and believable .
If you can find this series , give it a look .
The old man takes to his nurse and this angers the rest of the family .
She carries the weight of meeting boy 's expectations .
The narrative revolves around a stubborn and nosey political government who keeps tabs on every citizen .
The stars clearly enjoy themselves and are having a ball without taking themselves too seriously .
All in all , one of his greatest stunts he ever did and left him with skin pealed off his hands .
All the actors and actresses turn in spectacular performances .
With it 's amusing and intriguing insight on terrorism and politics , the film 's running time blows by you .
Holes works in spite of the strange setting , and the strange story , because it understands people .
The filmmakers should learn the difference between raunchy and erotic .
I came out surprised and very amused .
After the war many of them who survive would regret it .
We are given some character depth and several of the prisoners are interesting characters .
The tongue and cheek attitude in which the three actors play their roles works beutifully and flawlessly .
An abusive man mistreats his woman but she forgives him time and again .
He finds a companion who comes with her own issues .
They probably expected a movie about mobsters in stead of some crooks double crossing each other .
In fact , just like today , some of the actors are famous hardcore actors .
This is the final episode we deserved .
The workers laughed at what the purpose was behind beads and could not believe it .
This film is brutal when it needs to be so faint of heart need not apply .
Even my mom was impressed by this cool movie when she saw it . 
I even think he made up some of his own ideas and these should be ideas that people use today .
I would definitely say to rent this one and check it out if you 're in the mood for a semi moody noir .
Each subsequent dream that she has is altered by the presence of whatever she adds to the picture .
The gore effects and action never stop until the end credits roll .
The gore effects and action never stop until the end credits roll .
Each story is a facet of the jewel that is this film .
He was one of my all time favourite actors .
But , properly compared with other independent movies , this film is perfectly acceptable .
The film is exceptional in it 's gay iconography and extends this beyond the asthetics to the music and cast .
The acting is solid , the writing is solid and the look of the film is solid .
The cast is fantastic , but not stretching so much that it 's palpable .
It is incomparable to these because it tells a story of a woman and her career , from the beginning to the end .
And help it become a runaway success .
If it can make the viewer laugh a bunch of times , it has accomplished its purpose .
It 's beautifully filmed and the story keeps one riveted for the entire time .
For me it was a time of freedom , learning , and finding myself .
Deanna is a popular girl and the only surviving victim .
Ollie 's nerves finally snap , and he goes on a rampage .
A surprisingly interesting meditation on the nature of regret in terms of the way it relates to paranoia .
Spacecamp is one of the movies that kids just love , and mom and dad can have fun watching as well .
And as such , these films speak a very different language than any of you can understand .
It is an oddity of the cinema , and is very much worth seeing .
Hitchcock 's talent , though , is found in his stunning use of images .
However , sometimes it is the memories they leave behind that trigger the saddest emotions .
It is not a profound statement of policy .
Bravo to author , director , cast , and camera crew .
The humanity of the man is overwhelming .
This film is a very well acted film .
The latter seasons disastrous reshuffle contributed to its three season short life span .
Zizek is a phenomenon and pop icon unto himself .
And it is also easy to see why the west hates him so much .
It 's not so much the destination that counts here , but the spooky stops along the way .
The central location is interesting in its own right , and the cinematography fits the film well .
The jokes and gags are purposefully bad , but delivered in a way that it struck all the right notes with me .
It does not give a lot of information nor does it allude to the significance of the book .
I also thought the climax was really unfocused , but fun nonetheless .
This was one of my favorite childhood episodes , one that really cemented my adoration of this show .
But all and all this show is pretty good .
Especially her hooded , luminous eyes and a face flat with pleasure .
These men made this movie for themselves , which is one of the best reasons to create something .
But this one is wall to wall great lines .
You will feel and realise how the characters have changed and how and why everything is going on .
Surprises turn up one after another when the movie reaches past its first hour .
Ultimately this film coasts to success based on the accomplishments of its forebears .
She has such an innocence to her in this movie .
As for the rest , you have to see them for yourself in a film extremely honest .
You barely realise that it is happening , but it is done so subtly and seems perfectly natural .
Her accent is delightful and her quiet , yet firm nature matches the young governess ' character exactly .
Lesson about limits and original sin , about the frailty of innocence and error of his ways .
Anyway , the whole thing 's just a real hoot .
Do nt listen to the critics especially
The overall design is also something very different .
Over time , shared experience , both good and bad , brings them together as friends to support one another .
It 's just really hard to justify it if it 's not wrapped around a story .
This should of lasted much more than year as it was fantastic .
Thank you again for a tremendous night of entertainment .
And , you have the opportunity to see several actors in their final or near final roles .
Truths are revealed and lives are forever changed .
She also has a daughter who reproaches her for each and every disasters in her life ...
These are all movies that are based on life and give us a glimpse of life .
First and foremost its visually linked to every film that followed .
The film exposes the lives of socialites , whose lifestyle is disastrously boastful , peculiar and repulsive .
I 'd like to find more works by whoever made this , and see them .
Chirping birds and buzzing sockets brush along the edges .
Less self conscious than many film noir's of the period this remains a great example of the genre .
Also , this movie has some twists revolving around , which lets the viewers keep guessing .
I do not know who writes this show but that person does a great job .
Their facial expressions say everything .
Besides , the case is extremely complicated and fascinating for a four hour mini series .
It takes a compassionate , intelligent , and spiritual person to really grasp the meaning .
Still , all in all , a pretty good movie and it spawned one of the greatest sitcoms on television .
Watching the ordinary life of these ranchers as they struggle against nature to wrest a living from the land .
Nonpareil portrayals of raw human emotion and drama .
I recommend this site to all my friends .
No government , no services , and people carried along and cheering the war that no one remembers anything about .
The rest of the supporting cast is also more than competent .
Jack is terrifyingly convincing as a crazy killer .
It 's a good example of feel good cinema .
The characters are a work of genius every one of them especially the ones already on the island .
She advertises for a position as housekeeper .
Just as the characters in the film do , we overlook her sudden outbursts to see the real person underneath .
And the action scenes are rather impressive .
But the voice is immortal and timeless , and the voice is what it 's all about .
The trailer for this movie did not do the movie justice .
Is really worth to see by anyone , not just experts in the genre .
All up this movie is a barrel of laughs for the whole family both kids and parents .
I do not give a movie or a show ten very often but this show touched a nerve in a way no other show has .
All the pieces were very powerful , and some were controversial .
It was nice to take the family to a movie and not have to worry about language , violence or sex scenes .
Pretty pointless character , but hes still my favorite .
Some of the segments can be quite good while others bring down the rating of the overall product .
He was handsome , athletic , graceful and charismatic .
This is not about any particular war , it 's about the problems caused by war in general .
There 's an evil magician , a pretty princess , a djinn and everybody lives happily ever after .
We get an idea how families had to deal with the war and how quickly we sent young men off to fight .
He is a very talented musician , its amazing how many instruments he can play and with such skill .
The set design and costumes are outstanding .
This film is definitely an odd love story .
He 's never really intimidated by people .
Keep an eye out for them poking fun and some old shows , hate boat among others .
It s played in a gentle and not a leering way which is why this show was such a success .
If you have not already , you most definitely should .
It is a topic that the director brilliantly explores , without limiting himself at all .
But he must keep his secret pleasure from his coworkers and family .
Then the whole section in the station is amazing with so much going on you have to keep up .
Paulie , who 's naive ' , learns quickly that not all humans are nice people .
The cinematography deserves every accolade it has received over the years .
It 's not often you come across a film that 's moving and visually cinematic yet humble .
The characters from the movie are all recreated well , but some are better than others .
I also felt the romance parts of this movie were well played .
Here is a young woman who has attended an unnamed college with the scions of a rich family .
The movie has a good morale but it is all a bit sappy to me .
The film takes a fresh look at familiar subjects , love , infidelity , friendships , jealousy .
The actors both major and minor make you feel like you are rafting down that river right along with them .
With so many rather extreme and crazy stories , you have to suspend disbelief .
I think that the fact that this film was in her local dialect really helped her .
Impressive during this course of history was what led to the struggle .
Din slowly climbs and manages to scale the steeple which rests as the top of the tuggee temple .
Any viewer who gives this show a chance will agree .
The special effects are quite good .
Belafonte has not accepted he 's moved on from life , he 's still got a lot of issues .
At a party with their movie friends , she agrees to marry him although there is not much love between them .
It would be a great movie to show in a sociology class .
This actor projects a tremendous sincerity in his work .
At nearly fifteen years older than the target audience it thrilled me from beginning to end .
If necessary , tell your boss that you 're taking a ' mental health day ' , and go see this film .
His anguish at not being able to stop the deaths is palpable .
Although it s a adult movie but if you aside that sexual scenes factor , this movie is very good .
This is a difficult film to watch but well worth the effort .
Ambitious and long it is , but never ceases to be compelling , powerful and achingly moving .
It was first conceived into this world for the stage , but nonetheless a very good film from beginning to end .
Certain themes recur in the movie , such as memory , death , eternity , and dreams .
Probably the best film of the year for me .
Sure it 's darker than the first one too , but perhaps maybe that 's why it 's so good .
This is a film with a strong message about whom we choose to love and why .
I ever bought , this still has to be one of my favourite anime titles .
The story is simple but is mainly a vehicle for the characters and situations .
Quinn makes a good villain also , although his role is completely overshadowed .
Of course , the notion of nature striking back has a certain resonance now , thirty years later .
And every other stuff is done well .
He fathers a child with a hand maiden and refuses to own up to the responsibility .
It does a good job of showing the behind the scenes world of theater groups and the lives of the actors .
They also fucus on the military actions taken during the war , and the holocaust .
Also society 's reaction was also reflected to movie but it was very limited .
And although both talk a good game , we can tell that only one is really telling the truth .
All the good guys ca not stay alive in a realistic movie , you know .
Cinderella is a beautiful film , with beautiful songs of course .
Some of the sequences in this movie are truly gut wrenching .
This segment is the brightest highlight of the special for many fans and critics .
She looks to me like the finest young actress around .
Good message about standing up to bullies and of course , a sappy happy ending .
Rarely are they both negative characters totally .
The climactic slaughter is the very antithesis of a rousing battle scene .
Actually , movies such as the older version are best viewed by mature audiences , who can discern the story .
What a sad life for such a vibrant beauty .
It 's the closest a civilian will get to realise why a soldier does what he does .
I first saw this when it premiered more than ten years ago .
I was totally surprised and delighted .
I only wish people today could accept and love true humor instead of the horrid trash talk people now call funny .
It was interesting to see the story come together like pieces of a puzzle .
This film is compelling from the first moment until the last .
One is given to pinup poses and salacious comments where e 'er she goes .
She is actually a bit icy and patrician , albeit impecunious .
Ebert he does not know solid entertainment just look at his reviews .
Domino has been widely condemned on this site for its frenetic editing style and sickening photography .
The diary contains magic formulas that supposedly enable prisoners to escape .
Splendid performances and thirties flavor make this the must see version of the classic novel .
The game is entirely false and death is sure on both sides .
Yes , this gets the full ten stars .
Deanna only makes progress when she retreats .
It has my favorite kind of gore too , supernatural and splattery .
The first season was so so as the teenage characters were not quite as outrageous as they later became .
It 's about two guys that wish that the world would go away , and that 's exactly what they get .
There are several outstanding moments that make you appreciate the talent behind the camera .
The voices and the sounds are top notch .
This is the kind of film that does not get the exposure it deserves .
The sitcom revolved around a girl who must learn to be responsible for her own actions .
So get some popcorn and a couple beers and have a fun night with some friends and this movie .
For an animated movie , it has a fairly complex plot and a serious tone , which is good .
Tracy 's brokenhearted when he comes back and learns of the marriage , but takes sit in stride .
The stories vary from hilarious , to humorous , to touching , to tragic , to banal , to tender .
Kal is clearly a sexual pervert but yet he seems to get what he wants with the opposite genre .
Like many movies seem to thrive on today , this film has a secret .
The acting is good , the characters act like a normal family .
Also , parents may want to know that towards the end there is a bit of nudity .
It is well acted and well performed as far as the singing goes .
I have been wanting to see cut since the day i have heard of it , which was sometime last year .
If you do not think so , see it again after you have children .
The theme of the film is a man pushing for his big chance .
It made me mad to think that our government would set up an average citizen in the manner she was set up .
The actors , likewise , portrayed them very well .
I remember laughing aloud in several instances with his ironic remarks .
It 's for thrill seekers and gorehounds only .
This movie was recommended to me by a friend .
This film is well worth watching to witness the rebirth of human emotions and passions .
The animation itself is , of course , pretty good .
Boyer 's mission never succeeds , as he has too many hidden foes all over the place .
But more about the journey to that moment .
There is also the eery , haunting sound of the occasional human body crashing against the portico outside .
In this short the trio are handymen working in a recording studio .
In all honesty , our media has made a lot of things seem back then seem sick and wrong .
Hope that you will continue to provide us with quality entertainment .
Third , the atmosphere , the whole ethos , is relentlessly dismal .
I 'm afraid that that 's an effect of us being overwhelmed with traditional storytelling , all the time .
It is surprising that this one is so ignored .
It is a masterwork by a genius of cinema .
The pair bounced their humour off each other in a way that was joyous to behold .
There 's a lot of very strong gay content , which may make some viewers squirm .
Always he gives a record braking performance .
No motherly love for this movie , quite the opposite .
Given how corny these movies are , you got ta figure that they must have had fun making them .
So i think it would be better if we stick to the main idea and stop satisfy a critic in ourselves .
But not in it 's intact glory of full bloom .
Ney lies in bed , dying of arsenical poisoning , with every hair in place .
This is a gritty and street level horror film .
Yes poverty still exists , racism , sexism , and any other ism that we can added .
We see the love that exists between them but also the failures of family and fatherhood .
And what you get due to brevity is not all good .
The films main protagonist is most definitely the bastard son of these two strange fathers .
He has always had trouble holding a job and pretty much goes in the direction of the wind .
Through , thoroughly , but not washed up .
If you are in the mood for a funny fantasy love story this is the film .
The film works on many different levels .
This is a good movie for those of us who love these old comedies .
Finally , the story is one that always tugs at my heartstrings , and the last scene is so bittersweet .
Good cop but getting out of control easy .
This is a character drama which is absolutely hilarious .
Although few lines , it was kind of weird to see this movie , no subs , in a language unknown .
Phil know she really does not have love feelings for him all of time .
The themes would have rung true and deep at the time .
The film 's particular target is the rationing system .
This film has a lot of raw potential .
He succeeds in his revenge and secures honorable future to his son , but gets killed in the end .
It deserves more credit than it is actually given .
Therefore , we are in a hall full of mirrors where there 's no difference between real and its false copy .
It has a few questionable aspects which will be spotted by the viewer quite easily .
It 's not pretty bad , it 's actually pretty good , though not great .
This story will leave you with a sense of disgust and dread long after you watch it , it is truly horrifying .
The first half hour was really hilarious , and then the rest of the movie was easy to watch .
Well the reason i bring that up is because this movie too was on ppv .
The subtitles for one thing were difficult .
I went into this movie knowing nothing about it , and ended up really enjoying it .
So do the characters and actors that are portraying them .
Insight into the mind and motivation of a wonderful artist .
I recommend this movie to people who can watch a movie and not take it so serious .
Hell , it 's probably the best action film to come out this year .
Steve and the teenagers visit the site of the meteor crater and find the warm remains of the meteor .
My biggest surprise was finding some of the best lines and situations were not shown in the trailers .
I loved that the heroine was so atypically cast .
However ... well , see for yourself .
A remarkable movie that will rest gently with me for some time to come .
There is at times a lot of sadness in the film , but not a lot wallowing angsty silliness .
With these two flaws in mind , the movie is otherwise magnificent .
Willis spends a lot of time looking confused and insecure , and it works perfectly .
I am with my friend deciding what to see .
The acting is excellent and the tension is almost unbearable at times .
Her spirit is as bright as the other two are reserved .
The way they met up was quite cool indeed .
He was deeply moved by the audience reception of him and film .
I do not think this movie is for everyone .
The film 's new cooking scene at the beginning of the film is great .
So now it 's up to the boys to find out where they came from and how to get rid of them .
What makes this version really stand out is the somber gravitas that the cast bring to their respective roles .
I thought the script was really well thought out and written tightly ...
Davies was adorable and a lively comedienne .
A brilliant chess player attends a tournament and falls in love with a woman he meets there .
The second season though suddenly became a bit odd compared to the first .
The story pulls you into the characters a bit slowly in the beginning .
There were a number of metaphors and hidden meanings that an average viewer might have overlooked .
But these are nitpicks in what is basically a very sensitive story about the loss of a tight bond .
Some subjects ca not be tackled gently .
Throughout the movie there walks a man who has something to do with wind .
The other thing is the comic timing .
Best of all , the script is imaginative and inspired , creating big laughs for the audience .
It had the audience laughing the whole time .
He never seems to press and is always very smooth in what he says and does .
I immediately started it from the beginning again .
Family problems abound in real life and that is what this movie is about .
It was a nice feeling with all this chaos going on in this world .
The ' costumes ' are very hot and very ' seventies ' too .
Billy decides to play along by saying that he eats worms all the time .
I loved her aunties they were so funny and the other one was really ditzy .
The film 's main theme is fate and small , seemingly insignificant things that can greatly change the future .
Personally this film holds sentimental value to me and i will be downloading it in the near future .
It takes a regular movie and puts on acid .
Whip out everything you got and do it in the butt .
The musical score and especially the soft sounding intro were superb .
The use of old film clips throughout was masterfully done .
I was pretty surprised with this flick .
It gives a sense of what life was like both for the colonists and for the natives with whom they associated .
The story of this film is truly remarkable .
The end pits the two against each other , with a startling conclusion .
For the first half of the film it was relentless and delivered with deadpan straightness .
But the overall feel of the film is genuine .
This continues up to the climax of the film .
The only reason it was cleaned up is because it changed to and earlier time slot .
The movie has its tear jerking parts as well .
You can sometimes find the film a little slow but it is what creates this intimate atmosphere .
You owe it to yourself to watch this show ...
A house that resembles a mausoleum , that no party can cheer up .
Somehow , this movie manages to be invigorating , bittersweet , and heartwarming at the same time .
He tells her he has come to her from beyond time and wins a kiss .
It makes you realize once again the pityful state in which people have lead society .
The best outcome is always the prevention of killings , not their prosecution .
They take him to the doctor 's office , and then go to find out what happened .
I have loved it since local channels used to show it .
I think that she is amazing actress with big ... potential .
You even hope it will not break in the end .... it can not break ... it 's not right .
I have seen quite some horror , and did not expect to be scared now , but it happened at least twice .
If you like old horror movies , this one is worth a watch .
It is also a very complicated film to follow , as it has not got intertitles .
He 's killed himself and the film is never finished .
But these are times of sereneness compared to the future .
The opening shot continues to haunt my reverie .
Columbo is a fantastic character with his shabby look .
Che 's men attack and are attacked .
Finally , it s a ' feel good ' flick for the whole family .
It was a change from all the other movies around , a breath of fresh air .
I especially loved the interracial aspects of it all .
It has everything that would make a great picture .
Gojoe has the action , story and visuals to mesmerize any viewer .
The more people who see this film , the better .
If you loved the old show , this is the stopper on the bottle .
He has to see someone to help him find peace with himself .
The standouts in the cast are the two villains .
Meanwhile she is seeing other people and she makes no secrets of it .
It gives you something to look forward to every week .
The fight then spills out from the office into the factory .
You just have to let it come over you and enjoy it while it lasts , and do not expect anything .
Kolchak was likable and you cared if something bad happened to him .
That led to a conclusion that differs from the record .
Wallace is a member of the volunteer fire department , and takes firefighting seriously .
This movie will , if you let it , take you through a river of emotions and leave you thinking .
He needs this job because he is divorced and he needs it to pay child support .
Like real life , everyone is more complicated than anyone thinks and reality is more complicated than a movie .
This movie maintained suspense it 's whole length , for me , despite any flaws that may be .
He was so funny , and at the same time lightly sinister too .
But even so , it still brings up interesting questions about what will become of our agriculture .
Catherine is hers and she plays her to perfection .
For me , it 's a show about family .
The camera is only interested in the reality of its images as opposed to the mere style .
It is earthy , grounded and a film that will make you think ... and smile .
This movie has hands down the best interrogation scenes you will ever see on film .
The film is just the sweetest thing you will see ever .
The cat is comfortable and my ankle which crosses in me , is already rested .
If that means he must yell and make fun of them , he must do it .
It also makes me cry because of remembering the wonderful time it was , and the horrible murder described there .
It takes a long time for events to unfold out , and most of the time is spent on exposition .
Kept me entertained from beginning until the end .
A great movie , a great attempt to take the world 's temperature .
It was an inspiration to watch as this magical person was so happy while helping others .
Stardust is more of a fairytale than an adventure film .
It aims it 's sights higher and fries some much bigger fish .
I did not know a thing about this before going into it and what a surprise .
They all run away in a panic , yet she runs to the bathroom , and finds a bathtub .
He is funny enough and gets the most laughs .
And it leaves you perplexed how people get to this point .
I personally found this to be very satisfying and left me constantly guessing what was going to happen next .
Perhaps that 's the best reaction we could hope for .
He can really say a lot with his eyes .
The directing behind this film was fantastic for a comedy .
It 's when we hit the second half that we get a story with a purpose and focus .
All the elements of a great film are here .
The plot and the acting was top notch .
It will reach down and touch some part of you , at least if you have a heart , it will .
Especially in the beginning , there were a number of dialogues which had no subtitles at all .
If the world were truly like this film , bring on that black hole , we 're ready .
The reality is , in real life , you do not have a choice of who you work with or go to school with ... etc .
I found it made the characters compelling viewing .
I highly recommend this movie , just because of its utter idiocy .
Needless to say it 's the fight scenes that many buy the movie for , and they do not disappoint .
It 's a grand and bold experiment in improvised recursive filmmaking .
Later , she marvels to her publishist how great it was , but she did not get his name .
I appreciate this flowing film very much .
Especially , their flamboyant concert performances .
The humor is what keeps the show eternally watchable .
This is a movie with some weird casting choices .
I enjoyed the scenes with the tooth fairy and the burning of her .
The wannabe rockers sure have made another great movie .
There was great potential with this story , and the scenes in heaven are well done .
Definately a keeper in my household .
I really liked this movie ... it was cute .
He stands up to them and protects his home and his family .
Every second of the film is gorgeous .
There is something mesmerizing about it .
The actors are all likable and convincing .
It was beautifully acted in the more serious scenes and the funny moments were . . well , side splitting .
I recently saw this movie again after not seeing it in many years .
This includes the two series of the enjoyable but overrated
There ought to be more films like it .
A definite must see for total romantics .
He does not remember first seeing the movie , but he also does not remember life before it .
The theme and the screenplay was fantastic .
First movie , before he made several successful commercials .
Both were highly talented , had sweet faces , similar body types , short blonde hair and so on .
These hard edged characters do have soft spots here and there , but its noir and nasty all the way .
She had to turn back time and repeat a day .
Love may come from where you do not expect it and maybe do not want it .
The music and songs are also well done .
One film however is too often overlooked by serious film critics .
I first rented this film many years ago , and was completely enthralled by it .
And it was all heavy drama , exhausting in its pace and retakes , action , all at full speed .
It 's black and white photography keeps it from being dated .
Everyone is recognizably human , warts and all , and everyone is treated sympathetically .
A striking dream sequence is included .
I understand why some of you dislike this movie .
As it exists it is very somber and mean spirited .
Andy also has plenty of video games and a working knowledge of films and technology .
Level design is also cool and atmospheric .
The movie had other suspenseful moments , but none to me seem more suspenseful than that one .
This film is , in a word , enthralling .
I wish she was in more films , and better ones than she generally is .
In addition to this , there are all the other problems that we humans bring upon ourselves .
Action lovers appreciate this film because it has all the hallmarks that make a good aciton film .
The idea is a very smart title the film has a serious tongue in cheek feel to it .
Loved that scene with the icicles , absolute classics potential .
The casting adds to its perfection .
Every character had an element of the color purple in them .
I can not wait to view the episodes which were not aired .
Wickedly funny , and startlingly tragic .
You really owe it to yourself to see this .
It is full of entertainment and provides as a springboard for the most interesting storyline of the sixth season .
He is able to convey the shock , anger , fear and embarrassment that so traumatic an event causes , so perfectly .
The planning episodes were a bit dull , but when they reached the desert it was quite fun to watch .
My whole family came away from the film , awed , entertained , dazzled , and happy .
This is a very fine and poetic story .
But it does not matter , the genre is really different and these two films should not be compared in this way .
Probably one of the better entries in the film , it 's easily the creepiest .
And , ultimately , it is about friendship , even in the most unlikely of places .
I was a little astounded however by the very negative comments on the film because of this inaccuracy .
This , like many other movies , is not for everyone .
I was looking for some happy movies and this one turned out to be a true gem .
If the case is the other , then you will very probably like it .
And rather than the mandatory happy ending , this story has a bitter sweet one .
He has been thrust responsibility when he should be having fun .
I have the green one and it is among my treasured possessions .
This is a challenging , provocative movie that does not wrap things up neatly .
This film starts out like a run of the mill western but gets more complex as it goes along .
This movie is an inspirational quest story that is made for kids yet epic in its own right .
A lot of people could relate to situations in this movie .
It features some outrageous killings , and some are quite creative as well .
He 's initially in it for the bucks , but eventually falls for her .
In one of the best final shoot outs ever , the two meet in the final showdown .
The oil crew clash with the native people and the scientific expedition .
This film has so many underlying themes its hard to tell exactly what it is about .
Pembleton and nearly all of the cops who ever played in this series .
The best thing about this film is the acting .
She 's a nice lady who we can really feel for .
Masterson is not necessarily a good director .
But at the same time she earns their hatred , and she and her grandparents are marked for vengence .
Natali 's direction is exceptional , with a deft hand on the reins .
We never feel he is truly right , but we can understand where he comes from .
Individual scenes are beautifully realised .
What could have made these characters more substantial and more effective was a little more time to develop them .
No weaknesses in this fine adaptation .
You can see many actors and actresses , who became famous , in the beginning of career .
We want to know this world is full of forgiveness .
One of my favorite movies , with a very nostalgic ending .
It also shows the savagery of the soldiers on the day of the atrocity .
Pickford and the wounded soldier saluting each other as he is taken by her on a stretcher .
The rest of the cast does a fine job , too .
Blair is a good young actress as well , and does an ' ok ' job .
I loved the snowy mountains and valleys , the mountain rivers and the forests ...
His ability to make the outrageous seem banal helps define his style as a delicious chronic irony throughout .
This group of actors really portrays well flawed , yet extremely likable characters .
The way you get in to his mindset is really something .
And he wants to know the truth behind the death of his parents .
It 's a strange feeling to sit alone in a theater occupied by parents and their rollicking kids .
Posey kept the movie afloat with her energy .
Maybe not small children as they may get scared .
I think that this film adds to diversity and is very accurate in terms of historic reconstruction .
This film is about a magical fairytale .
I could not wait to see it 's final copy .
I could not wait to see it 's final copy .
You have just done your best , like all of us .
All in all this is the best of the trilogy conclusions this year , if not the best action trilogy ever .
The directing and photography must also be commended .
The remainder of his years are played out , and we are given personal reflections by his daughter and niece .
The cars in this game are really good the driving missions are fun to do .
After all the protagonists have gone through these scences do get to you .
Nonetheless , it is an issue that fans have raised , so it 's probably best to be warned beforehand .
It was a touching and tragic ending and it was hard to keep a dry eye .
It makes me wish that there was more cartoons like this .
The script is smooth and seamless , the plot develops effortlessly and the acting is comfortable yet fresh .
Some day , we will walk in the rays of a beautiful sun .
Benet devises an antidote which if taken on a daily basis , will provide temporary immunity to the element .
I have seen a few haunting clips which have left me gagging to see it all .
I have seen the short movie a few years ago .
Everyone can use some of it sometimes .
Perhaps its because his show is losing it 's authentic veneer which causes
He evaluate his stylistic sensibilities along with the directors of the sequences themselves .
That all changes as the movie goes along .
She returns home to her father 's estate and files for divorce .
This is a great film about a conure .
Perhaps they may exchange back , how can one be so sure about the shaky love relationship .
Lots of oil money , lots of women , and lots of honky tonks .
Usually people expect a lot of high flying in a cruiser weight championship , but this had very little .
There are those of us out here who really do appreciate good actors and an intelligent story format .
Here is a heartbreaking portrait of a couple about out of love only to have it come back in the face of tragedy .
This movie pretty much surprised me .
Strathairn relishes the role and he too gets some superb scenes in the movie .
She had never attempted a role like that before and critics were impressed .
The movie fits together nicely in the second half .
Again and again , it 's like they are pets or slaves , as the feelings of the people are never even considered .
I was particularly impressed by two episodes .
On top of that his role is written so well , that you applaud every time he solves a problem .
Hilarity ensues with a bunch of different way to cook the worms .
Overall , a well made film that could have been trimmed down a bit .
If you can , try to find a copy of this forgotten little gem .
The eagle helps feed him by catching a duck from a small pond the boy scares up .
Emma singing and playing the piano .
Find some kind bud and smoke up , or get a mild hit of acid .
Before viewing , please make sure you have seen
Well created characters from grim to loving then angry to peaceful .
Too bombastic in places , very generic , and definitely not worth buying .
The acting is indeed fine in most every respect .
Let 's just say that what we know in the beginning is all you have to know about the film for the present .
We need something a little more grand .
It 's a challenge to do this for a cartoon of a mature nature though .
It now belongs to me as one of my very favourite films .
It does not have some of the standard features of what we now call film noir .
It 's all good because at the end of the film we know it is , just that , a film .
But there are a lot of questions unanswered .
Although , a warning , you will cry your eyes out .
It 's an extremely intense movie that really sticks with you .
Loved the score for some of the scenes .
I saw it a few years ago and never saw it since then .
It 's a must watch , and even better if you 've got the guys or girls in for a drink .
Mannequins come to life and attack her .
This movie is the ultimate spoof of gangster movies .
This movie probably never made a blip on the radar screen , but it 's got quite a bit of quality .
There will always be descent and fear , and learning to overcome it is our only hope .
This film looks so fresh and smart .
It was also nice to see the west inhabited by real people .
I believe they have the funniest roles in the entire movie .
I believe they have the funniest roles in the entire movie .
I could not agree more with the quote this is one of the best films ever made .
They seek to suppress the invention .
Goldsworthy describes how the flow of life , the rivers , and the tides inspires and affects his work .
Such craftsmanship reveals the careful attention to detail that these men sought .
Several twists and turns follow in this murder mystery as we come to the climax in the fun house .
There is an intense scene or two in this .
What a mysterious and almost spooky film .
I hope that one day they can make another one , because they still are great comedians .
There is something to like for everyone .
It is a beautiful and inspirational film .
A must see for anybody who likes comedians .
In other words introduces her to a different world .
Jr as a drugged out trap drummer , as well as the other characters who make up parts of the conspiracy .
The artwork behind each and every landscape was beautiful .
It is also largely a story about friendship and loyalty .
We always think they will be there and we often take them for granted , whether we intend to or not .
A timeless classic that , unfortunately , very few will be able to claim to have seen .
Most films in the series take place over a few days or weeks .
The dialog is also unique in that no contractions are used .
Dee was one of the most beautiful of screen ingenues .
In direct contrast to the first feature , part two represents a shift from
Beautifully photographed and performed , it harkens back to the days of the great western epics .
Simply put , the man is a genius of the first order and a credit to the human race .
I saw this movie the day it came out last year .
People come and go , flow in and out of his life .
This is both a quality and a drawback of the script .
This movie is a fictional version of our dreams coming true .
All this plus the action keeps the viewer glued to the seat throughout the entire show .
Reduce or eliminate the contribution of one element , and the film has no meaning .
There are some scenes that are both repulsive and necessary .
It has enough in it to keep adults content and enough in it to entertain kids .
There is plenty happening , but it is up to you to connect the pieces .
But if you 're looking for a nice , dignified , dramatic epic , maybe you should look a wee bit further .
The basic game does have other flaws .
This is a moody movie , filled with grimness .
Most of the short scenes made no sense , just forms evolving into other forms , but that was fun to watch .
The main character is beautiful and her body is shown off well .
They did not find much success with their first album and were constantly fighting with their record label .
Overall , the tone of the film is consistently creepy .
Holes looks at how past incidents still affect us today , whether we know about them or not .
Although a little girl like her could be considered adorable , she was somewhat of a pain in this movie .
The music is awesome and the directors cut looks pretty cool .
The second part melodies are thrilling and they perfectly fit with the action .
And in doing that , he pieces together the various elements of this way of life .
What we can see firsthand is someone creating a vocabulary that would later become common .
But the movie is actually a different edit with extras here and cuts there .
Maya now starts to lose her soul to drugs and sex .
Here is one the entire family will enjoy ... even those who consider themselves too old for fairy tales .
A sad comment that so many critics here would rather have immoral messages , preferring sleaze over substance .
There 's even an uplifting score and beautiful mountain scenery .
Aside from the acting , the writing was fresh and the acting superb .
The lack of finances actually helped this film in several ways , especially given the plot .
I will kick you in the only part of your anatomy that 's animated .
Time passing is indicated by the seasons changing and scars being created and healing .
Peter was an actor who made his own father laugh .
The background score is also pleasant .
Later on they end up having to deal with some skinheads on campus .
Great suspense episodes utilising fear and faith elements .
It is a film that makes you question your own mortality and beliefs on what happens after our demise .
This is simply a gem of a movie that you ca not miss .
She is snobbish but has just enough youth and inexperience to be still likable .
We are talking about all time masterpiece , for all seasons and all generations .
It rates two thumbs up and a big well done .
The plot necessarily comes second , but it still is a thrilling story with tough issues being raised .
If vengeance is pushed aside there is no other justification for this death penalty .
They had a bit of an edge that all the later films lack .
Things start warming up until ...... the big blowup .
The three main characters are amazing .
Prepare to have a number of tissues with you when watching this film .
The voices are well suited to the characters , and the writing is excellent .
But , this is only a minor flaw in the film , and does not take away from the story as a whole .
The visuals of the movie are sparkling .
Stewart wrongly of kanoodling with his wife .
The cat quickly walks over to the fish , gently picks him up with his paws , and returns him to his bowl .
I found the meditative pace of this film almost hypnotic , gently guiding me into some realm almost mythological .
I believe the goal was to get it as close to the comic character than the movie persona .
The violence is never really shown but often introduced .
Made on a very modest , tight budget ...
The music has become iconic and legendary .
The second part is much harder to watch because of the inevitability of his defeat .
Excellent film showing the pathetic lives of two nutty old ladies .
This is one of this film 's core themes .
It will leave you , as it left me , with many questions about exactly how this change occurred .
One thing in particular about the movie that impressed me was it 's use of music , which plays a large part .
Trenholm , now her husband , is being indicted with jail certain and has lost the bank .
Moments of deep thought and revelation came pouring out of the actors performances .
This is the kind of film you want to see with a glass of wine , the fire on , and with your feet up .
This film is always interesting , varied in its types of scenes and physically beautiful .
Treat it with the respect you deserve and you will get a lot out of it .
I must have seen this a dozen times over the years .
Please put this movie on more often .
It is a gift to show it to someone you love .
Both stars were in attendance and were available for questions afterward .
The fact is that it 's a movie for adults , and patient adults at that .
Mildred does comes back with a baby and unwed .
The first victim is the blind pup , who gets too close to a high tide and is washed away .
Hawke might have been a little out of his element , but he played the part well enough .
This one makes it worth the effort .
She loses her love and her friends in one foul swoop .
Seeing this particular production made the story come to life for me and drove me to a near frenzy .
His friends are not unlikable jerks and his romance is tumultuous and bittersweet .
The monster , a mix of stop motion and a life size head , is a charmingly quaint little beast .
You ca not help but laughing when everything goes wrong with these guys .
The characters are real and the situations are normal .
Fortunately , she went on to better things .
It 's god a good design and makes a nice wreck .
I came across it several times in various parts and always found it dark , bizarre and fascinating .
I found myself falling in love with the fact their characters were falling in love .
Three elderly witches who want to use her heart to become young again , and some bickering princes .
I caught this on the dish last night .
He played his helpful and kindhearted character extremely well .
If you do not know that she 's ironically embracing all of these outrageous viewpoints , you do not get it .
It teaches us much about ourselves as individuals and as social and political creatures .
The trailer does not do the movie justice .
The production values of the miniseries are strong as well .
Alecia is an outcast who witnessed the entire shooting .
I am sure this film will be a classic known to everyone thirty years from now .
There is a bonus count after each level is beaten ...
Low budget , cameo type roles , well executed .
Despite the controversy , it was worth the entertainment .
There is death and destruction and joy and happiness .
His subconscious mirrors the way in which his real life is panning out .
It 's a tremendous amount of fun , and the film 's conclusion even manages to generate considerable suspense .
Her dearly departed has left her with no money and outstanding debts .
It was great , and deserved to run longer .
A must see for serious film lovers .
I 'm on the opposite end of the previous comment .
Some of the shots of the zombs are the best ever committed to film .
It is not a movie that is going to make you sit at a place without moving .
The film is much more than a commentary on globalization .
I will be taking my mom to see it again when the movie officially opens .
But mostly , it 's just so damn hilarious .
Risking their own lives , they prove that there is true comradeship between miners and men in general .
My only complaint is with one aspect of the screenplay .
Gerard is a writer with a somewhat overactive imagination .
It 's funny how your life can change in a second ...
The film features sumptuous costuming and sets and a good cast and acting .
Anyway , this movie is light and easy and if you like them that way , why not give it a try .
People in the west cant imagine how political situation in our country affect people .
The first time i saw it i got half of it but i watched and i knew later on it was about a salem witch trials .
This atmospheric and very moody film features lots of gruesome gore and violence .
You will be sad , pained , happy and a dozen other emotions .
At every turn , we get one of those gem performances from real pros .
Little twitches or blinks project his thoughts and emotional states .
Able to handle any crisis or emergency , she is the mothers ' best , sometimes last , friend .
I set my recorder to tape all of the shows .
This episode from the first season slightly edges towards controversy with the whole gender bending angle .
A ragtag handful of uninfected folks do their best to survive this grueling ordeal .
Even now , after all this time it still sends a shiver up my spine .
Nifty little episode played mainly for laughs , but with clever dollop of suspense .
My only complaint would be that the ending really was a little too abrupt for my taste .
I thought they worked well together .
Well , it 's just a matter of taste .
This film offers something for every film fan .
Ebert to the contrary , this movie is a success .
The dialogs are close to perfect , which was to be expected as it has been adapted from a play .
I always think it is important for movies to have a place to give the viewers something to relate to .
Also , the uniqueness in the characters is so interesting .
He also handled the role very well .
The entire action is one big absurdity , but it 's mindless fun at its best .
Either way , it 's a grievous loss to both genre fans , and casual viewers alike .
He is quiet , withdrawn , slightly scared and sad , somehow .
It has an abundance of concepts and philosophies that make you think about your own views .
What is to follow is that there 's an awesome fight and the line 's are totally cool .
I was expecting goose bumps throughout the whole feature , but that 's probably it expecting .
The audience is easily glued in front of the screen .
What we 're not seeing is often the most frightening .
Astor is not given much to do but she adds class and beauty to the production .
This picture is a must for anyone who has parents .
The movie does have a good overall style and uses some fine camera position and editing .
Even when she is crying and her heart is breaking , she is incredibly regal and charming .
The storyline and depth of animation is sure to keep the attention of both parent and child alike .
The movie centers on this and what occurred when the hoax was uncovered .
He is , in my oppinion , the greatest of all time .
He claims an angel visits him , and tells him that they need to kill demons .
Usual acting in these type movies leaves a lot to be desired .
Some of the characters and sequences are exquisite while others are somewhat juvenile and undistinguished .
There are different elements which make it a fresh movie with a similar theme .
Not a serious , but hilarious adventure .
This is hands down the greatest stand up show ever .
He is convicted and sentenced to hang .
He got help escaping and she got a shot in the arm of hope .
It enhances the movie to heights that are extraordinary
She is dealing with the death of her former lover who was her patient while tackling his son 's advances on her .
She 's sexy , violent , vicious and sympathetic ... all convincingly .
I rewound the tape then slowly stepped through that part as the camera pulled back and showed the waiter .
This film is close to be my favorite piece of celluloid .
This was one of the most poignant and funny movies of the year .
The first word which comes into my mind after watching this movie is beauty .
The husband sadistically kills his wife and several years later the cursed house is still for sale .
This movie helps not only children cope with losses , but older people as well .
If you like upbeat , fast paced movies , with lots of singing and dancing , this is the movie to watch .
That was one of my fears for this movie .
He seems to have few strong feelings about his likes and dislikes .
This film is full of pain of the main character full of him and his vision of life .
The technical and cinematographic character is quite well done , the scenes are all well worked on .
It continues to look great all the way through , as more and more striking ideas are sprung upon us .
There 's a lot of humor and some romance , too .
The aquarium scene needs more echo .
New characters are introduced and old ones face new , unexpected challenges .
But even that plot device does not detract from the movie 's overall excellence .
I read the book and liked it , but this movie expands on everything the book made famous .
The graphics where good the story line seemed solid and it had all the trappings of a great movie .
This man is nothing short of amazing .
The setting is enormously beautiful .
This film is a great example of fine storytelling .
Lucas was frightening and alluring .
Despite ups and downs , the band does reunite and makes a successful reappearance .
There is also a compelling , and markedly conjectural , late scene between the mayor and his deputy .
All characters are cast and portrayed excellently .
Be prepared to watch segments about famine , death and disease .
The actors gave wonderful portrayals of the characters in the movie .
After attending the funeral of her grandmother , she decides to take the red eye flight .
But if you 're game for something different this fits the bill .
There are subtle nuances of strains and notes from the strings , celeste , piano , and harp .
This also changes the people in their lives who have visited them .
The whole movie was done very well .
Very impressive screenplay and comedic acting and timing in this film .
It s the kind of a movie what i despite most .
I miss this show and wish it would come back out .
The characters are nice and portrayed nicely by its actors .
All of this is well borne out in the film .
It also made me truly care about the characters and what happened to them .
Like many small towns , it is all about being quiet , humble , and minding one 's business .
There 's clearly a message to be extracted from it by the thoughtful viewers .
Their short partnership must have been a harmonious one , with ' give and take ' about how to do things .
That 's a measure of strength for that first cast .
I can not begin to describe how amazing this movie is .
Burton fans will sure like it , others may feel betrayed and complain about some sort of manierism .
All my friends were really surprised it ended .
My only complaint is that more characters were not included more .
It even had a little bit a comedy in it , but it was not overdone .
This film is bound to be enjoyed by anyone except for people who hate old horror films .
My personal favourite part is the ' guerrillas in the midst ' section .
The best thing is the laughter never stops .
The cinematography is in your face following tight on practically everything .
But all chop socky is good and this is one of the very best .
I even cried at the end of the movie .
This is one of those films that casual fans will pass over and tend not to appreciate as much .
Tony is on robbery while obviously homicide should investigate the case .
There is one character in this film that is truly freaky .
But that 's exactly why the movie is so hilarious .
I watched it again last night having not seen it since high school .
This is a film that everyone should watch .
I thought the television version was a bit edited way down .
It is a very cruel movie , not for everyone 's taste .
To this day he refuses to discuss the incident .
Myers , himself , is a key element to this movie 's effectiveness .
I do not want to spoil or reveal everything but the movie plays like the daily show .
What makes this film good is the fact that it 's not overly melodramatic .
And then first seeing the smoke monster in the first episode really caught my attention .
The whole movie is hunting and involving , filled with a wide range of deep feelings ...
I 'd watch it again ... with a girl .
Halloween is the story of a boy who was misunderstood as a child .
They are our sad history and they are our present .
The characters are fully realized , and the portrayals are fantastic .
It is , rather , a very human drama which even viewers who do not know boxing will be able to connect with .
The one and in the end has almost no relevance to a yokai war that makes no sense whatsoever anyway .
Each of these characters are trained by the same master but their identities are kept secret from each other .
Cox is very good especially when things start falling apart .
He is also outside of traditional gender relations .
Gunfire , an accepted daily occurrence , only momentarily interrupts their conversation .
To me , this just shows how powerful good music can be .
Meek , tiny , almost insignificant .
This is a story of life and living .
She plays a villain , and she does the job .
The outstanding feature of the film is its artistic presentation and attention to detail .
Do not know what more you need in a film .
To do this the son has to break the record opening doors .
The movie never deals with these questions .
These kids try to rationalize their actions to the viewer and the actors sell it to you .
This style of animation is not very new but the use of light and shadows makes the movie a living painting .
The humanisation process has been perfectly well achieved ...
The musical score is endearing and heart warming .
How each pair of thieves plans out the heist is a thrill to watch .
Rainer helps in the field , bears and raises the kids , does the housework .
I watched the first , second , third and all the other episodes .
But if you can handle the sexual abuse topic , it is a well acted , suspenseful and very interesting movie .
These two conveyed more romance and magic in dance than many couples in films do in a huge love scene .
This one is definitely worth renting if you have kids and want to watch a movie with them .
Kubrick really knows how to convey the terror of the psyche straight to film .
This movie has really great deaths .
There are only a few flaws that prevent this from being perfect .
The story never really got lost in this frantic pace .
And for this one , it certainly was .
This is one of those movies that you keep thinking about when you wake up the next morning .
It is very , very close to the book .
I still laugh at all the same old jokes and might even shed a tear a times .
Ironically the party was held to say goodbye to their old flatmate .
Such a purchase would increase the average .
It can take some courage to do this .
Only a couple of days later it was shown on television .
Stiles proves again why she 's so damn likable .
A few days later they met again , and he asked what he had done to upset her .
I ca not say the same for the epics of today .
I pray this movie can inspire and change the lives of everyone who sees it .
As its classic in foreign films this movie has a bittersweet ending , but that only makes it a better movie .
Very , very few waves are actually shown ridden from start to finish .
It 's very hard to tell whether all of what is shown in the movie is true or false .
These truths become apparent to both the characters and viewers as you laugh and gag to the credits with them .
In that sense it very nicely gives us a good view of how life often is , thus being credible .
On some of those rocks are timeless raindrops .
It completely sets the tone for the remainder of that film .
Anyway , the casting was good and the movie was somewhat funny .
They personalize perfectly the characters .
He was working hard to show everybody he was the real deal .
This film certainly has all of the basic ingredients for things to go wrong for the boys .
The sword fights with multiple fighters are not the best although quite good .
In a powerful scene , the music is more stronger then in the original versions .
He shows no love or attention for his daughter at all .
It sure shows a lot of his influence with the liberal use of slow motion to accentuate the violence .
I definitely recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys movies that have a bit of a harsh reality to them .
He is incredibly handsome , in a modest , relaxed way that is irresistible .
Even the music is chosen so that the words fit the action every time .
Tears appear as the little guy leaves dejectedly .
And that ending that brought even the burliest man in the theater to tears .
I was really surprised with this movie .
If you have any common sense on how a film should be you will enjoy this movie immensely .
Well , get in the mood for a lot more .
His style is completely natural and completely hilarious .
I saw it at an independent film festival , so do not expect it to come to your town anytime soon .
It 's called blonde and blonder , so do not expect profound and meaningful jokes .
But what makes it more than that is the caliber of the people who took part in the film .
I thought the themes were abundantly clear , and inspiring .
Otherwise it 's a bit strange , that she would carry his baby and love it .
It 's rare to follow a group so closely for so long .
Now , you can see how they are a long while after their ep aired .
I was kinda wary due to the mixed reactions , but it turned out being a great surprise .
If ever there was a guilty pleasure of mine , this movie is it .
But running throughout the movie is a very well written and well acted storyline .
Anyone who has struggled with manic depression could get so much from this movie .
She could dive where they found the floating bracelet , check the banks for traces .
Enchanting , romantic , innovative , and funny .
Chances are , you will think this movie is incredibly stupid the first time you watch it .
There are many fitting music pieces throughout the series .
The movie will have you feeling the old days .
There is still some weight about the history that surrounds the family .
It seems as though the messages in this film have been overlooked by the most .
The humor is usually very mature too .
He has no real love or loyalty in him .
Again , things slow down a bit and get weird .
She 's in a ward with several other women , who share their joys and pain with each other .
Buy this one for your permanent collection .
They all gives over the top performances .
There are some nice character portrayed by a good cast .
Since the lead character is seen in present day , the audience knows she will remain alive .
It was a wonderful break from the sex jokes and nudity of recent films .
Nobody who has ever seen this movie will be able to forget its ending and the last frames of this gem .
It 's a rare film that treats its characters so honestly and compassionately .
It 's a rare film that treats its characters so honestly and compassionately .
The rest of the cast was very good , also .
Get this , watch it , learn from it .
This applies to both the movie and the documentary in the extras .
However , in view of all these arguments it is easily overlooked that sudden impact is an awfully well made film .
I think the writer director is great .
Especially without the original cast .
The rest you will be able to work out for yourself .
It is stringently nonpolitical without criticism of the present regime expressed or implied .
Why do some people have to try and find fault with every film that comes out , especially the good ones .
Dress was accurate and they had their slang down too .
I like the different approaches this movie takes .
In this version , it is perhaps the most riveting scene in the whole movie .
He would say something witty , but he is overcome with emotion .
I watched and enjoy this show because it was gross , offensive , hilarious , and raunchy .
Despite their bickering these two need each other more than ever .
He 's still putting up great stage shows , with a preference for religious subjects .
Rarely seen , the game show did not survive past one single season .
The love is between the two young lovers .
Running makes them all feel truly alive .
Just do not go into the movie expecting the greatest thing since sliced bread .
The sheriff is hurled onto a picket fence and we see how cats combat the sleepwalkers unlike humans .
There were parts of comedic genius in this movie .
But his superior knows that he usually works alone .
It 's a rather sad comment on our own set of expectations and prejudices .
I predict a long run for this series ...
The two leads always have to get together .
This film is the sum of many , many instances of great acting and great casting .
The story is of little importance anyway , with the film succeeding on a cinematic level , not a narrative one .
This movie is about the nuttiest most eccentric people that may have ever been filmed .
The actors are fine when they are not overdoing the comedy shtick .
I know sometimes it s really really corny ...
There were some great shots of scenery in this film , and great car chases and a lot of spirituality .
There are many twists and surprises in the film .
Most of the other characters are interesting as well .
Funny but not as good as the first film .
It 's entertaining to say the least .
Who knows , maybe you will disagree with my opinion and maybe you wo not .
Anyways this movie is worth watching for the sake of opening your eyes and seeing the light .
All in all , a very nice piece of work .
The portrayal of the many small holes in the side of the ship and not one large gash along the side is accurate .
Colman loves her dearly as well and wants her back .
It is also in the city that we see the workmanship on the environments .
These three personalities bounce off of each other very well .
The whole idea of gods vs fallen gods type deal with super powers is pretty cool .
Her air time in the film was pretty short though .
Siodmak 's use of sex , light , shadows , and music is truly remarkable as he tackles this genre .
Both the colour photography and the black and white could stand on their own .
This pictures a lot more , universally , than only the bubbles we may live in .
This particular character pops up in the film about three times to be precise .
Tha fact that it is a fairy tale does not detract from the fabulous performances .
The poster from this film rests on my bedroom wall .
The ending is sad but has an interesting final moment that makes it touching .
Very badass and it just what fans can expect from him .
This movie was skillfully and beautifully done .
Laughter , frolic , adventure , something for everyone .
It expressed human emotion and was an inspiring story .
Both were dark and pretty sinister , but at the same time the most mesmerising experience a child can have .
This film is mesmerizing in its beauty and creativity .
What does change mean without reflection .
By the time the movie was over , we knew that it was love at first sight .
Even though sometimes the wrongfully convicted innocent , friendly black man may in truth be the vicious baddie .
The movie may have been done in black and white , but the story is so captivating that you do not want to end .
It is no more than a sitcom in length and complexity .
But strangely , there is a message in it .
It 's well done as per the novel , but somewhat irritating as per today 's kind of life .
I saw this important intense film tonight .
Despite gorgeous and breathtaking animation , this is probably one of most uninspiring
Ruby is starting to live on her own and establishing her own identity .
Mathieu appears to have learned his lesson , the hard way .
Besides that this movie is pretty damn hilarious .
It is an immensely terrifying film , and a must see for anyone who loves scary movies .
See this movie if you can , it may be light but it is still completely amusing .
This is a fairy tale that dares to be dark .
The prison authorities should be applauded for allowing the play to take place .
I loved the marching song of the home army .
For a fan series this is good stuff .
The scenery is amazing and wardrobes are exquisite .
This a rip roaring western and i have watched it many times and it entertains on every level .
Now , in our usual world of perception , it is common that objects change signs .
As many reviewers here have noted , the film version differs quite a bit from the stage version of the story .
It 's sweepingly long , no doubt , but you will enjoy all of them and want to come back for more and more .
The plot has a very clever twist that has be seen to be enjoyed .
Of course , that 's where the reality and the based on a true story stops .
But do not watch this movie expecting to be entertained .
If it is shown again on a cable station , catch it .
The emotional expression was very believable , which caused my emotions to spill out .
She cleans and cooks for them without ever receiving thanks .
But all in all a good , clean , decent family movie .
Life ebbs and flows like a river , and it has it 's rough spots , but it is a wonderful trip .
But by that point , she has no option that is without great pain for her .
Considering the mawkish dramas she was so often pushed into , this criticism would seem to have some validity .
The pace is a trifle slow , and for my taste not enough tension is developed in the present day scenes .
I remember this film from many years ago .
Indeed , at places , the comedy was so close to the truth that it was borderline between funny and tragic .
He 's been an awesome actor like always whether in actions movies or serious .
These sequences add realism to the film in feeling .
Interpol relations and how the agencies work together are also great .
At times it is graphic while the rest is relegated to our imaginations .
Her thinking slowly changes as we start to get a glance at his own thoughts .
My whole family enjoyed it and the plot was extremely interesting .
A great concept , a great cast , and what a pity there was not more time to flesh out the story .
Granted , it is not a movie for everyone .
But what really bugs me is why it is very little known and is not praised , which it should be .
Of course , the main thing about this movie is that it 's fun to watch .
Some of these dreams are so unattainable it 's tragic .
The realization of the modern machinery is very effective .
Watch this show with a open mind , it 's worth it .
It is not easily appreciated by the immature or emotionally stunted .
For most of the songs , the colours are choreographed as intricately as the people .
It was unlike any movie we 'd ever seen before .
Especially when you compare the endings .
Otherwise , the camera stays very close , very intimate , a patient , sly , and unobtrusive observer .
The movie is very well written and directed .
An odd move , but a great one , as the song is good and fits in with the tone of the movie perfectly .
This film needs your full attention , almost to the point of stopping the film and taking notes .
It is about the goodness that still persists , and that keeps the world running .
Visual setting is great , especially the underwater shots in the swimming pool add a nice effect .
The film is quite interesting and the movie really keeps you going until the end .
The film is quite interesting and the movie really keeps you going until the end .
The film is quite interesting and the movie really keeps you going until the end .
I think a great many viewers missed entirely the fact that this is obviously a parody of western films .
Life and it 's unpredictable circumstance can change a man .
Americans will think we 're satirizing ourselves but will miss the point that we 're actually satirizing them .
For me the movie was simply fun and entertaining and the morale just left me quite cold to be honest .
But he still must come to terms with being disabled on his own .
Little seems to happen , and can feel drawn out , but the fragile randomness of it catch you off guard .
Antwone overcome his rage and convinces him to find his natural mother .
Though it is not a horror movie , it is just as terrifying as any classic horror film .
But for pure , uncomplicated enjoyment , this one was outstanding .
My short comment for this flick is go pick it up .
She actually met a tragic fate when she died after a homicide like she does here .
Lines seem more improvised than scripted .
Gomez turns out to be more perceptive than the villain expects in double checking his alibi again .
If you do you will never see what 's happening .
But this is different and just focuses on being funny .
I would recommend this to any family because the television series is clean , funny and adventurous .
That other person is not going to wait a life time waiting , they have a life a well .
All in all , the story is enchanting family entertainment .
It actually exceeded my expectations .
She 's also a true talent , as seen on many other movies .
He was the mightiest , but also vengeful and petty .
While being a simple tale of rivalry between two brothers , it was not simply about hate or jealousy .
On some of the rocks are timeless raindrops .
Yes , the two stories have a lot in common .
A movie you can watch with your entire family around you .
The setting and costumes were beautiful .
This is brilliant directing and movie making .
This gives a little more emotional weight to the scenes where characters are risking their lives .
He stars as a rich man who wages an insane wager with his friends .
A film to make you wish you had made it yourself .
Tony is in fact bitten and his life would be forever changed .
Guide each year after that to see when it would be shown .
One of the best things about this movie is their lingo .
Yes , it all sounds a bit heavy , but trust me on this , it 's nearly as light as a feather .
This is a serious work deserving rediscovery and restoration of its unjustly tarnished reputation .
The unifying theme that connects each story is the house itself .
My brother and sister got to of course and this made me very angry .
Three memorable shorts focus on the love between a parent and a child .
I especially loved the dance sequences during his showbiz stint .
I can see this happening ... wealthy people have done crazier things than this .
In this film it 's even more the magical when her rainbow comes smiling .
Despite this very typical plot , it 's all handled very well and as a result is well worth your time .
Springer is best taken in small one hour doses .
For those of you who have not seen it , please see it .
I decided to wait until the next day .
You can tell that they are a close family .
The movie plays out like a descent into this world , this side of the racial divide .
That 's when the real action begins .
I saw this movie again as an assignment for my management class .
I also understand that the producers had their own , unique style , and that there were many hands in the soup .
The drawn animation is a special thing about many animations .
At the end of the contest countries vote to see what the best song was .
If you do not have the staying power , get it on tape and watch it over a couple of nights .
All in all this film combines creative writing , stunning production and masterful direction .
There are a few jokes that adults can enjoy on their own .
If you go into this film expecting a low budget slasher you will probably hate it .
Both are destined to cross the path of a farm family , showing no mercy and leaving no witnesses behind .
When he all of the sudden dies , she is confronted with the truth .
Costumes are exquisite .... even the shabby ones .
These stories are interwoven and each contains a scene in which a sonic boom is heard .
Just people dealing with being people .
The movie works as a communion of two fragile souls that are starting to get to know each other .
I like the fact how it teaches kids to always have faith and never give up because yes miracles can happen .
He is effective as the accused man 's best friend .
The edges of the screen become framed in decorated moving triangles or circles .
He wins the hearts with music and gains the capacity to love and be loved unconditionally .
The nightmare scenes are all great .
Marie is the girlfriend of his brother .
This is how out of control some lives can become .
Ahmad falls in love with her and visits her in her garden .
He also has a muted tenderness , a muffled warmth and even wry humor that make him heartbreaking .
We see people arguing , driving , and inevitably , escaping .
One of my favorite movies which has been overlooked by too many movie goers , an observation which mystifies me .
If you 're not alert even for a second , you will probably end up missing one of the subtle points .
While the music is nice and the dancing colourful , for me the movie is not about dancing .
This is a tale of ferocious greed , corruption , and power .
This movie opened my eyes to their bravado and courage .
A system who hides the truth , and who is violating the rights of existence .
Every character was important and did a fabulous job carrying their role .
A famous conductor decides after a heart attack to go back to the village where he was born to live a quiet life .
I think all you people are expecting too much .
I did not know what the movie was going to be about before i watched it but it was great once i found out .
House of games has a strong story where obsession and illusion play a big part .
They get dates and many occurrences , and do them justice .
But it happens and she must face the consequences .
I was really impressed and affected by it .
I was told it was one of those either you love it or you hate it movies .
This movie had a lot of all time great potential .
Even though most of the animations where experiments .
Make sure you know as little as possible about the plot when you are going to see this movie .
To conclude , it is a film with blasting visuals , an intelligent story and a wonderful art direction .
Shaw manages to comment on class constructs , on the absurdity of war , and even on the nature of love .
What impressed me mostly was the realism of the film .
As we put our boats into the water , banjoes echo in the back of the conscious mind .
Otherwise , this film is pretty darn close to perfect .
Its dialogue reflects its erudite origins on the stage rather than sounding fresh from the streets .
It had always had a sizable , hard core of hard corps of followers .
I rapidly became absorbed in the unfolding of the narrative and remained engrossed throughout .
It is astounding and sometimes shocking .
He is the right age rather than being played by someone who is almost a teenager as in the other films .
These brave men put their lives on the line and watching this just increases my admiration for them .
If you have a chance , see this film .
I really enjoyed this episode , which was a great surprise given the bad reputation it seems to have acquired .
It was mainly a war romantic movie .
Ashraf finally tells his sister about his being gay .
Alvin tells her a story about his own kids , long ago .
Sometimes a goofy role brings out the best in a performer .
I 'm sure that the cartoon was intended as pure entertainment , and it certainly entertains .
On top of that acting talent she had physical attributes which were frankly , stunning .
Morse again is a wonderful portrayer of a cop .
This story involves a lot more comedy that the previous .
A mother has twins one is very sick the other is good but he has downs .
There is no defending it , and no living without it .
It 's a must see once the kids are away or in bed .
The developing thriller is there , but it also has more than a little tint of a sensual erotic kind .
The crazy dentist tortures people in horrific ways .
I would not dare say this film is better than the original , but it is very good in it 's own right .
So this film is not for a world audience .
Lots of raunchy dialogue , fairly sick physical humour , etc .
A great combination of cast and writing .
It was plainly filmed but had a nice soft quality to it .
The comments made before is from someone who obviously does not get it .
She 's unhappy when she finds out it is slapstick , but she perseveres .
The story in this film is even more bizarre than the original , but that 's what makes it so great .
When he finally gets some money to buy some more land , a drought hits and nothing is growing .
It ended off quickly which was perfect for this match .
I thought all the good fairy tales had already been told .
The acting performances were great and the script was equally great .
This version however was very true to the novel and very well filmed .
There 's something compelling and strangely believable about this episode .
It 's also a story about how a purpose can change someones life .
The action scenes in the film are not revolutionary but still amazing scenes .
Compared with other films of this decade , it makes a strong statement .
Still , the melodramatic touch is present .
Most of the story presents the sad side of the capital city .
This is apparent from the opening shots , where spinning fairground rides brilliantly establish a smooth tempo .
The absence of violence and porno sex was refreshing .
I would be fascinated to see it again , if it was ever made available for home video .
Plus , the settings were wonderful .
We all have to face our own insomnia someday .
Edmund can now do just about what he pleases , and does so .
Recommended for fans of the series , and a reasonable entry point , classy stuff though not a true great .
But this simple little tale of interplanetary horror is still a damn fine scary movie if you let it be .
The big stick , used often in the pursuit of justice , is retired forever .
He has killed and perhaps done things that are best left unsaid and this has made him a hardened and bitter man .
Watch her facial expressions at the end of the movie .
It is a joy and a gem , a film all too scarce in this world of hardening hearts .
As one watches the interaction of the family members one 's own family memories are immediately brought to mind .
A stout hearted constitution keeps you in your seat cheering for the demise of a ruthless crime lord .
Primarily defined by its exploration of rock music , the film succeeds at other profound levels .
This is where we see that there is hope for him .
Finally a movie where the audience is kept guessing until the end what will happen .
Many of the actors and actresses present in this movie are well known or already famous , by the way .
This show is poetic , artistic and good fun .
This should become a cult favorite .
The boys are working outside a recording studio when they hear the voice of an angel .
It is friendship , but of such an ephemeral nature that the title almost does not fit .
How he makes the omelet and everything .
The birth in finding real people is a happy pursuit .
Great little movie , word of mouth will make it a cult favorite .
But it is more poignant than one can even imagine and can easily move one to tears .
The judges are not always the best choices , however .
The poison gas of the aerial wars segues into the second act .
A great addition to anyone 's collection .
I did not feel that this film was quite as clever as it seemed to think it was but enjoyed it nevertheless .
The ending is not a fairytale , but it leaves the viewer feeling good .
Of course if you are reading my review you have seen this film already .
I 'm saving them to spring on my best friend next time he visits .
Life stinks is a parody of life and death , happiness and depression .
She is very proud of her status as a cat , which in her eyes makes her vastly superior to any mere dog .
Nicholson 's final assault on his family with an axe was perhaps one of the scariest scenes of movie history .
The dream sequences and the supernatural effects enhance this movie and make it a spectacular experience .
Film can be a looking glass to see the world in a new light .
It is a comming of age story for those new adults who are searching for what they want to do .
Bourne remains street tough , and elusive .
His short movies , i.e. music videos , are simply the best .
Most people on the board seem to really hate this film .
It 's style is the stuff of a brief and somehow gloriously exciting moment in our growing up days .
Good cinematography , great direction , and superbly acted .
It 's all just a bit too believable .
Needless to say , multiple viewings are advised to make the best of all the details tucked away inside the film .
It 's an eternal tale of love , romance , and adventure in any order you want to put it .
It is a colourful intermission in a colourless landscape .
The polar bear 's future is highlighted at the beginning and at the end of it .
The movie is much better than the trailer indicated .
Brilliant , confident and absolutely demented .
The songs are superb , melodic and very catchy .
In fact , this film greatly exceeded my expectations .
This gritty , dark movie is slow moving and seductive .
It 's intimate and honest , and it sticks to the ribs .
Child prostitution needs to be stopped and this is a very good first step .
Nowadays , heels are champions all the time .
It soon occurred that this was not any normal film .
Fabulous actors , beautiful scenery , stark reality .
Now this movie will join my collection .
Now this movie will join my collection .
A smart person who enjoys movies can appreciate any , if the movies are well made .
I will also say that the last five minutes were very moving .
I lost my father at a very young age .
Miike makes a children 's adventure film , not unlike
There is plenty of nudity and violence , something that will satisfy hardcore fans .
That alone is worth watching the movie .
This show has been a delight with many surprises .
Harris takes an extremely awkward documentary and turns it into a relevant social commentary .
Hai crowd to watch this amazing flick .
I was too upset at knowing the truth .
This is a great independent production and one that wastes little time getting going .
Anarchy rules over a logical and common strain of thoughts .
Very satisfying and not exploitative about the crimes at all .
It proves that love and friendship can never be destroyed .
He needs information and someone loses a finger .
It also surprises you here and there , with things you would not expect .
If you 're somewhere in between the horror genre loather and the horror genre lover , this film is for you .
Ricardo is in love with her too , but is too easily influenced by his domineering mother .
Witty , clever with superb writing it was promising .
At the same time , it reveals the power of a sudden passion to overwhelm and surprise .
I think that people are under estimating this incredible film .
When it came out on video my sister and i would watch it twice a day for a month .
Chances are that she will win numerous awards .
I have to try to suspend all knowledge to submerge myself into a made up fantasy land .
Achieving true comedic dialog is an art .
My bet ... an academy award nomination for best documentary .
But this ai not life but its representation , an imitation of life .
This film plays really well with an audience .
Me is a good drama about loss , friendship , family and loneliness .
However , as he changes throughout the film , it 's like night and day .
She 's also playing mind games with a man and might be getting him implicated in murders .
It still left me wondering at the end but in a more satisfactory way .
Anyway , not the greatest cartoon , but worth seeing .
However , it also leaves you wanting more .
Together they explore , discover , and learn from each other .
It is strange and surreal and not altogether a completely comprehensible yarn ... yet it never loses you .
Not paying attention and carelessness gets you into dangerous situations .
I read the other ' comment ' on this show as well as the message board stuff and people just do not get it .
This film has slipped through the cracks of film history .
And it also makes you look at yourself and realize how lucky we are to live in the society that we do .
I suspect there is quite a bit of restored footage in this print .
It is easy to follow and has just enough truth behind its version of events to make for compelling viewing .
These are where the value are for me , great character actors playing very believable roles .
It is , however , a beautiful movie .
The film is intellectual and you have to pay attention throughout .
It 's a sweet and somewhat sensual kind of movie , due to its subject and visual approach .
In one scene a man is carrying a mule who is too sick to climb the mountain .
If you like old dark house movies and trains , then this is definitely for you .
This is a film that can make you want to see it again .
The control is the control a person has over their senses , their body and feelings .
She plays for time until she can safely get away from him .
Yet this is about the only criticism that many will read for the film .
It is very much an archetypal movie .
The lovers remain out of focus while , in the foreground , a white curtain flutters gently in the breeze .
I give this movie a well deserved ten .
We 've seen the story but this way we see it .
Such level of skill amongst the cast is unsurpassed in modern day cinema .
I liked both of them to the extent that they are used in the piece .
She asks him to invite her brothers to come to his kingdom .
I got lost a hundred times but did not mind , because the movie is so bad , it 's real fun to watch .
Every sad moment is truly moving , every light moment makes me smile .
And at one part of the movie they stop chasing each other , running in line , just laughing .
One of the more intelligent serial killer movies in recent history .
But i think all the actors were well picked .
It is one of the eeriest images in movie history .
Bruce is totally absorbed with his own pleasure ... two completely different men .
She plans to kill him to avenge her death since the police have abandoned her .
He acted really well here and his dialog delivery was also impressive .
Climax of the film is quite sentimental and is nicely done .
Cheh creates what is considered by many to be his masterpiece .
We feel his paranoia and obsession even though it is constantly revealed to us that they are irrational .
Historical inaccuracies and inconsistencies aside , this was a great movie to watch with a great cast .
And it was rather cleverly portrayed .
Even though it was incredibly late and we were weary , the entire audience really enjoyed it .
But overall , it 's got some great laughs and some genuinely scary moments .
Sure it ai not poifect ... but there 's a lot of laughs in this picture .
Alvin 's every moves are tracked by a bug implanted in his jaw after an accident .
Also he has an incredible sexual magnetism about him .
But by the end thanks to a disagreement over a steak , everything is back to normal and all is how it should be .
Seeing this makes it only more heartbreaking to reflect that this was her last starring role .
It is a small film that is complex to watch and that is what makes it appealing .
Her freedom , personal identity and family respect taken away overnight over a tragic land dispute .
This movie is also very sad at times .
This is a love a first sight type situation , between the mechanic and the mathematician .
Piscopo was equally on the mark as the top dog wannabee , once .
But the best part is he has not forgotten to give the ingredients .
I saw this movie when it first came out .
She always had a falling out with her men and she rejected them .
Bells of innocence , his next picture , will be the following .
You can also understand her exasperation .
Later on , this same girl was interacting and talking about her camp experiences .
Priyanka is gorgeous and performs her part well .
The scene where the two men haggle is one of the best in the film .
The amount of tears also seems to be increasing by the season .
The suspense just keeps building up to the climatic end , the twist you will never see coming .
There were so many powerful portrayals in this film that it 's hard to pick one or two favorites .
This story is centered around him principally but also revolves around the other giants of the game at the time .
Because it 's a film , by necessity certain things had to be left out and characters combined .
This film shows what can be done shot on video .
The film moves with a quiet realism through its superficially unexciting story .
The colors are well mixed and every little detail is shown into a massive , epic environment .
He has a job and a life , but it is not what he thinks it will take to bring him happiness .
It 's not perfect , but it does what it 's supposed to do .
It is a satire of how people treat the homeless .
I especially love the image of the holes from a birds eye view .
One piece of trivia that is often forgotten about this family film is one of business .
Interesting , realistic characters and plots as well as beautiful scenery .
Of course they only did one take but it was still a very brave thing to do on his part .
He took to you a place not very accessible at that time , under the great blue sea .
The dialogue seems very real and comfortable , like a loving , but feuding family .
The best martial arts movie ever made .
He 's referred to as a drunk and a nut .
It made me laugh and made me mad at the same time .
As brothers , as family , as their only connection to humanity .
The violent conclusion shows that the world is indeed an evil place .
The story unfolds slowly , building atmosphere all the way until you 're ready to see the woman in black .
Some of the back story on this production is fascinating .
Although the casting of the film was still good .
I strongly recommend this tape for those who are not hateful of , but uncomfortable around transvestites .
There are many many things that make this the funniest bad movie ever .
Of course he made about a dozen other great films and for those that care you know what they are .
The other assassins in the movie were pretty quiet .
Pitt potrays his frightening character almost flawlessly .
Koch delivers another film that is ' above average ' .
The last five minutes of the film were perfect .
It was humorous and always brought home a good lesson .
The story between the scientists is a sweet and funny one .
If you are looking for laughs , see this movie and you will be happy .
I fell in love with the film and have seen it many times .
I saw this film about twenty years ago on the late show .
This show is so full of action , and everything needed to make an awsome show .. but best of all ...
There 's no way these two could ever remain friends even though they form a unique bond .
Her life is not so simple as it seems , however .
I loved his selection of instruments and the compositions .
The new actors were good replacement tho .
Everything is layed out well , and thought over .
There she notices that if she wants to get any higher she has to give the men what they want .
With a few exceptions they are all perfect examples of human rubbish .
She experiments with experience in sex , political activism , and human relationships .
It 's not the kind of movie we see often .
A haunting piece that the discerning horror film fan will fall upon with gratitude .
All quite historically accurate , and all presented with a very deliberate lack of commentary .
Great full nude scene of her , too .
Cliffhanger is a decent action crime adventure with some flaws from director
It is this love of the ocean and sport that leads me to my final point .
Everything about the movie was amazing ... and the acting just took my breath away .
Everything about the movie was amazing ... and the acting just took my breath away .
Still this genuinely erotic film is wonderfully photographed and tasteless .
The story line is very clever and keeps the audience on edge throughout the whole film .
The actors look like they have a fun time .
This movie kept me constantly entertained .
We expected a light hearted comedy but got a full blown action movie with comic thrusts .
I do not know the actresses ' name , but the woman who plays the drunk granny is hilarious .
I 'm not sure that cathedrals have that impact on everyone , but this movie certainly had that impact on me .
Both movies are simply amazing , they have a richness of ideas hard to grasp at first sight .
The word ' classic ' is thrown around too loosely nowadays , but this movie well deserves the appelation .
It is a very difficult and complex role to be performed by a young teenager .
Never before seen such a sick and twisted thing .
The movie , however , was still pretty good .
The special effects are beautiful and imaginative .
And most of the dialogue as written is perfectly banal .
It kicks off with a rousing boxing match in which carnival champ
We see her delight and fascination upon first meeting
This show brings back a lot of memories , happy ones .
I like this movie for the conversations and face expressions to it all .
The secrets that they harbor are suitably appropriate for their characters .
So do not take it as mindless humor because it is so much more than that .
It shows how one reacts when we wish for something we do not have and get that wish .
That said , both do good jobs overall and provide a fairly believable chemistry throughout .
Antwone 's past is revealed in detail .
There was a savage umcompromising humor and a weirdly original feel to it that definitely set it apart .
She must have felt as if she was not herself anymore .
Rent it , see it , buy it and watch it over and over and over ... never gets old .
During it 's run it became a phenomenon .
It 's still wildly creative and sick , a total success on so many levels .
The series was known as gubbarre meaning balloons .
All five wore masks and nobody has seen the face of each other and they have all been trained differently .
I stumbled across rerun syndication of this show several years ago , and fell in love with it .
As it is , this is just a sad story of small time drug dealers getting killed by big time drug dealers .
I still want to see it again , but have not had time .
It 's also got a doozy of a plot twist ... and a very ambiguous moral message .
However , it 's exceptionally tame when compared to what games have today .
It has not one but few very intelligent twists at the end .
The number of people that the film encompasses leads to an understanding of the international language of love .
Weissmuller , also reveals a tremendous body and perfect pectorals in his barely there loincloth .
In a day when movies all seem to be effects combined with pretty faces , this was a refreshing interlude .
I definitely recommend reading the book prior to watching the film .
They do a great job of portraying free spirited buddies looking for the next thrill .
For a film that 's ostensibly about sex and leather , it does not have any right to be as oddly sweet as it is .
These guys are real and slightly diverse .
In reality , you got to be careful about the people surrounding you .
The movie helped them better understand their own circumstances .
It 's not the typical romantic comedy .
But as the season winds down , the chances of him getting called up grow increasingly slim .
This is a special type of touching humor that should not be underestimated .
Americans , especially , are not going to get all the jokes the first time around .
Some of the scenes are hilarious like with the birth of an alien creature .
His smiles were natural and his performance was wonderful .
The movie takes it 's own slight , quiet path to a conclusion .
They fall in love for each other and become lovers .
Now the details and the particulars are for you to discover them in the film .
It 's sad , but happy , but more sad than happy , and makes the movie feel like it needs a sequel .
Harry has always been the most anxious and determined but admits the journey is important .
Indeed , it is the simplicity of the setup and the naturalism of the style that make the movie so effective .
The novel takes more time in developing the characters .
I found this movie to be very good in all areas .
The story was put together well and organized in an interesting manner that made the film flow well .
Even then , she messes things up at times , but she tries hard and learns a lot .
This is , in my opinion the best movie this summer .
A large part of the film consists of exterior shots in subtle , subdued colors , recorded in a drab winter light .
They have chemistry and also work very well .
Great movie , enough laughs and action for any audience .
The colors are great , the voices could 't be better , the characters are so original , great great cartoon .
Moreover , the personality does everything the same way .
The show seemed to be running out of steam last season , but now it 's back in full form .
If that is so , this is the appropriate way to go out .
Fortunately , as a brave person he chooses to make movie that will be ironic look to his previous works .
Those scenes , for me , were very intense and riveting .
That is what makes it her legendary performance .
Hopper was a pure and perfect villain .
I gave this movie such a high mark because it was really cute , really funny , all while being unpretentious .
Bring the wagon , stop the wagon etc .
A story of courage , compassion and loyalty that transcends generations .
She also finds a mutual friend that accepts her .
Dog actually had some very unique , and really quite courageous , ideas to present about the police force .
Never the less a great ending that begs you to want to know more .
Washington really got very comfortable in the shaky cameras and every executing scenes in the movie .
You will laugh until your sides hurt .
The last half is much better as the events of the revolution combine for the bittersweet , and honest climax .
Our spirit is based on that revolution , it 's asleep ...
I 'm not sure ' enjoy ' is the right word .
Very well paced , incredibly acted , marvelously scored and just really good at the end of it all .
We also know when he is going to be wounded .
There are some uses of still photography that are phenomenal .
It in fact strengthens the film , allowing the viewer to see him as a sort of symbol of some kind .
However , processing this film requires that you look at it as a lawyer .
This is a great example of a good , dumb movie .
She manages to destroy all around her .
Disney creates a magical adaptation of the classic fairytale .
Anyway hope that was at help to your needs in a review .
Second , it 's an emotional , clever movie overall .
Cosas que hacen que la vida valga la pena ....
But he occasionally popped up in television plays and episodes .
I thought the satire was a tad over the top in one particular area , but that 's intentionally done .
But these are failings of the movie but conscious choices .
I ca not think of a better outcome for that movie than rekindling interest in that classic series .
Down to every last extra in the family , it was a beautiful and talented cast .
It was a very interesting and touching story but it left me confused .
Her voice is as beautiful as ever and will truly impress you .
Her voice is as beautiful as ever and will truly impress you .
I thought the way this story evolved was very thought provoking .
I found this to be a charming adaptation , very lively and full of fun .
It can nonetheless be easily seen by young children since it mainly remains descriptive .
He has a job and a steady girlfriend .
One of the best parts of the film is the set ...
The way he behaves towards them and the benefit they get from having known him is the essence of this film .
Naturally , a variety of perilous and exciting adventures take place along the way .
Yes it sounds like imaginations of a retarded child , but it works .
That is why , one is led to a peculiar , gently wild , erotically unique world of the main character .
Without his magnificent abilities she would not have been the success that she was .
If you like mech war games it 's pretty good .
Serious kudos to her , ca not wait to see more .
There are secert parts of the castle , where you can get more stars .
After that , the whole world disappears .
I liked how they all overcame their conflicts and reached their goals .
The characters are what make this film work , and the cast definitely deserves some of the credit .
A nice story with a heartwarming conclusion .
I was lucky enough to start watching it as the series came to it 's final season .
If you can be strong you really should see this film .
The crew were really good as were the choice of actors for the parts .
I will admit the setup is pretty improbable .
They may not all be the best out there but still worth watching to see her act and sing .
Fortunately she finds that there really are people in this world living for more than power , money and lust .
His demise is relatively easy to assume once the movie gets going .
I can remember watching this movie as a kid and it was great back then .
This movie on the other hand was compelling and realistic .
Alvin also encounters two bickering brothers who 've repaired his lawn mower .
Otherwise , well worth the viewer 's time .
He is an analyst sent in to evaluate her after the death of a sports star .
Anyway , this is the sort of stuff that makes life worth living .
The reasoning is to do with the foul language the men ' may ' , not will , but ' may ' use during the game .
Douglas is also probably not the best choice for the part .
The episode begins when an elderly man murders his wife out of unknown motivations .
With this movie , you could play an interesting game , if you watch it with friends .
Right away he 's in deep with the cops , the syndicate , his own partner .
Both films have been on cable a number of times .
It is a definite inspirational movie .
Witty and very entertaining , it sucks the viewer in from the start and never lets up .
The screenplay is very compelling and full of beautiful characters .
This is a very grim , hard hitting , even brutal film about a death row break that goes awry .
And indeed , it may not be the last .
His innocence is unsullied , but untried as well .
Madonna was great as the damsel in distress , she really impressed me and added depth to her performance .
I hope they never stop making this type of game even if the series must come to an end .
Some scenes are truly worth seeing .
The dynamics of their relationship are surprising .
To hate this movie is to hate freedom itself .
So he goes in there , a fight breaks out , and some things get knocked over , dangerous things .
There are the usual toy submarines and a bit foggy plots , but also very chilling and even daring moments .
Heaven is beautiful in the movie and the clocks are very clever .
I am totally and completely hooked .
Each phase of this fight was captioned , which added to the fun aspect .
Of course , he breaks free again , nabs the vixen , and goes on the expected stomping around the city rampage .
I liked the intimate feeling of the show .
All the environments and characters were modeled originally by clay , giving the film an artistic edge .
Very believable in every facet of his role .
Most film does not come close to art .
Lily is extremely shrewd and manages to emerge from each debacle better off than before .
I hope that this message is heard over any bad comments written by others .
Its really ironic how the characters relate .
Of course the martial arts are stunning .
Jim 's dad shows little sympathy and berates baseball .
Some of the scenes do not work as well as others , but overall it is well written and solidly directed .
The two main characters work beautifully together .
It has nowhere near the depth obviously but try to see it from a lighthearted view .
I wish he had focused on one or two aspects of societal ills and explored them more effectively .
Could have been one of the scariest movies if planned for another audience .
Some brave girls oppose this and try to get into the stadium by using different tricks .
Still it s required viewing for anyone who loves a good fairy tale , or even a great movie .
When the truth comes out it is quite funny .
They have a great chemistry in their roles .
Carell and the rest of the cast deliver each raunchy joke sensationally .
First of all , the overall feel was intense , internalized , claustrophobic , and small .
The cast uniformly turns in some good performances .
Everyone should see this movie for the experience .
The two leads are great and really carry the film .
It 's not about pleasure of any kind , it 's about getting the desired reaction out of you .
It did have one very effective scene right at the first of the film which had me cringing in horror .
Her ultimatum to her husband is both dignified and heatbreaking .
Especially as he has the bruises to show for it .
He plays a diplomat , a man who gets things done through words and persuasion rather than physical action .
The director took his time to allow these characters to truly get to know each other .
She has been through a lot and has faced it .
This movie is not for a person without a good sense of humor .
This underbelly of the city made a living out of the street life that was so intense .
The films she has appeared in were not very funny and her humor is a bit off .
It was unfairly panned because of its subject matter more than the actual film itself .
Every so often we find ourselves at a point where we have the opportunity to choose life and so often we blow it .
I searched high and low for this movie and still no luck .
The lighting and scenes along with the camera work are great .
The more important issue is that it does not always tell the story very effectively .
So great you might find yourself humming them time and time again .
He was my favorite host of the show , hands down .
I first saw this film when it came out .
He spends it well here , especially with his aerial shots .
The only good part of the final season was the finale .
The rosier makes way for the tragic which then gives over to the idyllic which turns to the darker etc .
This film is fun , if your a person who likes a good campy feature film every now and then .
Jess loves to play pick up soccer games , the kind forbidden by her traditionalist mother .
The plot is very original and entertaining .
Had not seen it since it came out originally , but had never forgotten it . 
In fact , his hallucination is the primary one .
This is when the characters are beginning to feel new things for each other .
He talks tough and uses his muscle as a type of fear tactic , although deep inside is a world of vulnerability .
It is a simple story that unfolds simply .
The acting in this movie is well done .
Our star of the picture has his number and his friend his .
Eventually the two remaining girls find each other and because they break into the gas station get arrested .
By today 's standards , the animation is spotty .
This is what a movie should be when trying to capture the essence of that which is very surreal .
Marie sees her during a competition at the local public swimming pool .
Modern sensibilities demand great drama .
The film captured this quite nicely .
It has a few lulls , which makes a complete sit through a bit hard , and it has some unexplained situations .
But we both chose that love anyway .
They start a fairly hard job and excel in no time .
Braveheart is an epic paean to individual honor and courage and a fine revenge fantasy .
It should have been cruder , to match we saw in the original series .
But , hey , that 's the nature of people .
However , the film was utterly fascinating and far from being targeted towards old people .
Then buy the poster and hang it on your wall .
This is the thrill i got from watching this episode .
It 's reasonably funny by bits , it got great stars and it 's gorgeous to look at .
Many people know how it feels when a loved one is lost .
The surrounding is brilliant it is calm and warm at the beach and so scary in the jungle .
Trained to be objective , honest and factual in his reports .
You can use your imagine here , but his head disappears from view and we see her writhing with pleasure .
Because that is exactly what the story is about , a standard good vs evil tale .
I bought this one as soon as it was available .
The sensitivity that the two brothers share for each other can not be overstated enough .
Miles takes the figure home with him , already haunted by the death of the deer the day before .
Several scenes can be so fun and some others are so sad .
Yet as in any true to life story , there are many stops along the way .
It is an inspiring piece of cinema .
If you 're like me , and you love comedy , this is probably a show for you .
Also that that is how people remember them , from their armor .
I know that it may seem a bit idealistic .
I loved this movie the minute it came on .
The animation is colourful , and some of the visuals particularly at the beginning were breathtaking .
The accidental nightmare sequence is doubtless one of the best pieces of animation ever filmed .
She is attracted to him and vice versa , but the instinct for survival takes over .
Leaving the plant after working late one night , she finds herself being stalked .
It 's got a great sense of foreboding , established right at the outset .
Well s got it wrong both in time and in development .
Izo the last laugh , a last sardonic remark in the face of death .
The special effects detract from the story and are not really that special .
A guy desperate for action attempts to hit on a gorgeous girl in a bus .
The soundtrack to this film , which actually became more popular than the film itself , is another plus .
This is by far the funniest short made by the two comic geniuses .
As if we signed a contract to enjoy life .
This is a fun little movie to see if your ever looking for one to watch .
Well directed , well acted and a good story .
Without a doubt , the best late night television ever .
Everyone knows the character , even though no one has ever seen a film featuring him in the cinema .
The once beautiful gardens are now a jungle .
This is a poker of movies everyone should have in his private video collection .
There was a tremendous emphasis on physical reaction , facial expressions .
But this is a great martial arts film .
This collaborative effort is the closest to knowing him that we can ever get .
Both he and the film have to be considered lifetime favorites .
However , that aside it was very well made , well acted , and had a nice score .
It is available in several places on the internet .
The movie plot is that these two small time criminals go around exterminating peoples pets for money .
Granted there is a bit more than that as this one does feature a very nice final showdown at an amusement park .
We all want to have a hotel to ourselves for a season , be able to do whatever we want .
Otherwise , it 's a great movie for older kids and adults who are a kid at heart .
I enjoyed his reactions to the situations that he found himself in .
It will reach inside of you and somehow manage to both break and warm your heart all at once .
The three young ladies whose lives we follow are always real .
The participants are believable and capable .
It does not have the same atmosphere than the previous films .
Hanks delivers the best performance of his career .
I grew up watching this guy in some of the most memorable movies of my youth ...
Anyway , overall worth renting for the campy humor and non typical horror experience .
Excellent movie for all women .... makers of human body ...
Which is saying a lot for a movie again , made on a fraction of the budget of these international hits .
I believe that the film does a good job in showing this struggle in both the church and the family .
Marie to fly , she falls and the bird is sent away .
Lexi 's parents have just split up .
The creators of this documentary choose a different yet equally powerful way to accomplish this .
Brock pulled himself together and began to take charge .
It 's great for kids , adults and collectors .
Max likes to enliven things , and soon is heavily involved in the ship 's entertainment .
Very well written with an adult target audience in mind .
I personally did not see many things wrong with the film .
Nice final wrap up to the whole deal .
Its colored picturing shows fine , but not extraordinary .
The camera , all too often , focuses on fat people , on sloppy homes and on tacky rural areas .
For those who have no choice but to fight , for survival or justice , this series empowers them .
She has quite the career ahead of her .
Make sure you you watch the uncut version if you ever decide you want to check it out .
Well first of all , as a few people have mentioned , it completely disavows any knowledge of the first movie .
I also enjoyed a bank robbery scene gone haywire and a carjacking scene that was simply uproarious .
So take your family , see this movie and judge for your self how good it is .
My vote is see it and remember how young this type of film was .
She decides to bring him in and fix his cuts .
A great film to educate young people about democracy .
It may be mild action but it 's action .
The storyline is logical , frequently beautiful and always interesting .
I loved the original as much as the new .
Paulie is a lovable little treasure .
Michael ceased to be a person once he killed .
Things start of well , but they still ca not get out .
This film version portrays all of that quite beautifully .
This movie is for viewers who enjoy a call to their imagination and philosophical senses .
Women demanded back their husbands , day after day , for a week .
In the end you can have your eyes dropping rainstorms or silent tears .
Full of mystery and intrigue and twists and turns .
It will displease those whose palates require explosive , massive , spicy action .
Britney is an excellent role model for teens and should be more appreciated .
They 're both good in different ways .
First off , for a childish sense of humor , you could deem this movie pretty funny .
Stewart was one of the greatest film stars of all time and none of his films should be forgotten .
Maetel can be seen as a dream of a growing young man , always close but just out of reach .
This movie could be enjoyed by both male and female and by all age groups .
She says in this final episode that she changed events and people as she sees fit .
Has that rough and rugged feel , but keeps an elegance , which is very pleasant on the eyes .
It touches every fiber of a human being .
On that level , it 's pretty damn good .
Obviously it then also is a movie about not knowing how to help someone close to you get through their pain .
Simply put , the film does not take itself at all seriously and is all the more fun for it .
A lot of comedy involved is them feeling each other out .
The cast did a great job in making their characters seem like real people rather than mere caricatures .
Celie 's story is a true survival story .
There are some intelligent humor here and some fine suspense .
Of course the states could have been changed to protect the innocent .
How rare it is for a film to examine the lost soul of men in pain .
Very few so called remakes can be as good as the originals .
Still , the storyline was somewhat limited , but still very cute .
I would watch this movie again and recommend it to others .
I was not expecting much , to be honest .
This is a very good and thrilling film .
This is a very good and thrilling film .
This is a very good and thrilling film .
She did admit though that it was very creative and well put together and probably all on a shoe string .
Lindy is unsinkable , a positive character that makes lemonade out of lemons .
Also , there are other talented actors in the movie who did their part pretty well .
It must have been several years after it was released , so do not know why it was at the movies .
It 's time for more harsh punishments .
I do not know it s exact rank though .
He is opposed both by management and labor , neither of which is shown to much advantage .
Strikingly , the movie despict the original spirit very well , though the plot was modified tremendously .
His political interests can be found in the themes of his lyrics .
This is not a case of carefully choreographed photography .
It 's also a really great looking movie .
She can not accept it but accepts to speak about it later .
I wish it could go in the movies for more people to see .
Not by me , mind you , but by those aiming to discredit the film and message .
An unsubtle comedy using overt jokes and gags that kept me rolling all the way .
Throw in a well meaning message too and you 're well on the way to a top class comedy .
Stoners must have really loved this .
It contained fundamental elements of depression , grief , loneliness , despair , hope , dreams and companionship .
As for humor , it 's mostly dark humor .
I really recommend this film for everyone .
In all times of conflict or war , the public and government look for heroes to decorate .
Titanic is a great film down to it 's very core .
You will love all the acting , special effects , and much much more .
It 's time for a full evaluation of the film .
Though not a horror film in the traditional sense , this creepy little film delivers the goods .
I recommend this movie to all who love to laugh or are old movie buffs .
We stumble from one escapade to another , knowing that he will eventually meet his death .
She deals with problems the way any human does , with determination , a little thought , and weary disdain .
It 's about a young woman working for the swedish police researching robberies .
Had enough action to satisfy an fan , and yet the plot was very good .
I especially liked the opening scene which had a semi truck in it .
It 's one of those movies to put a smile on the faces of those who appreciate this kind of films .
Almost everything else works out absolutely beautifully .
This probably played well back before the wheel was invented , but it is so corny and unbelievable today .
I thought that they performed good .
It remains a favourite of many people .
At times , we can tell that everyone has had it .
The story however gives hope that love of two people can conquer everything and love makes us better , stronger .
Plague , warlords and bullying to get the planes flying for fuel that no longer exists .
So , if you like dark , gory movies , go and see this one .
The oldest boy is very hard to get along with he is a brat .
It may be four hours long , but it 's definitely worth it .
Take it for what it is , and do not expect a deep story .
Matthau commands the screen and there is not a false note in this beautifully timed performance .
The movie in a word is superlative .
Really , a great idea but not that well executed .
I 've read most of the comments here .
Everyone needs a feeling of belonging .
If you have not seen the film , perhaps you would like to stop reading .
The cast does a great job , there are some great one liners and scares to make any hardcore horror fan jump .
Buck the sheriff who had more secrets than anyone .
I have seen this movie quite a few times .
The movie as is , is still one for the books and deserves to be seen by any serious film lover .
These cuts are accompanied by music changes and sound effects and the whole thing really works nicely .
His thoughts are creating horrors that he soon will not be able to defend .
I watched it , and witnessed such a beautiful movie .
Needless to say , it all ends well for everyone , and the viewer goes away feeling pretty good .
These two makes up a series you do not wan na miss .
So maybe things will go better for him in the future .
I think the movie was pretty good , will add it to my clasic collection after all this time .
This is a cute animation loved very much through my eyes as a child .
This should be a international classic for all time .
It is a good movie to watch when you do not want to do a lot of thinking , just want to be told a simple story .
This is never suspected at the beginning .
You never know what is going to happen next .
They all shared equal screen time and all had their moments to shine .
My personal favorite , though ... the exploding stomach from the tainted beer .
Try and find a recording of that gem .
I 've seen some of them several times .
This game is very fun to play , and contains lots of nostalgia to me .
Clooney is hardly recognizable and brilliant .
They are really quite believable in their more normal moments .
Then both develop a very enjoyable relationship in spite of their differences .
It is , of such purity that it will remind you of the work of some of the great masters of the past .
This anime seriously rocked my socks .
He is short , dark , and always coated with a sheen of sweat .
She not only was a super dancer but a very pretty woman and one with tremendous figure .
This is according to me a quite bizarre movie with a lot of humor in it .
Overall nice movie if you keep in mind that it is not a complete picture .
The boy goes with his grandfather to catch a young eagle .
Refreshingly down to earth , the film moves along nicely , with a few suprises at each corner .
He has no political convictions , no scruples about trading a freedom fighter for his own tomorrow .
None of them are really good guys and they all of their flaws and weaknesses .
It is truly to be treasured and watched again and again .
Though she does not have much to say , her facial expressions and body language was good .
It may no have been her fault but her prince deserved the crown .
Sniper was awsome and action buffs should watch it ..
An excellent movie and great example of how scary a movie can be without really showing the viewer anything .
A sleeper that deserves wide attention .
We are led along the same path but forced to find answers for ourselves .
A family who is falling apart , and fighting against it .
The setting is serene and the costuming simple .
This is ultimately a story about human beings and our relation to the goods we produce and consume .
You have to do things with passion .
I loved the banter and strong lines between the actors .
She was beautiful , but what really got to me was how sexual she was .
All in all it remains a pleasant trifle showcasing a beautiful and charismatic actress .
It was by far and above my all time favorite cartoon ever .
The song and the video are very , very good indeed .
However , i have watched this movie three times now ... and believe me it 's an awesome movie .
Of course in the real world some are believers others are hoper 's .
The balls are still held but not to the extent that they were in the the nineteen eighties .
They are seeing the universe with fresh eyes .
The dilemma , the emotions entailed .
It 's an astonishing movie that exemplifies hope , love and humanity ...
But the focus is squarely on the humour .
Nearly the entire cast is incredible .
Powerful acting in a story that pushes all of us to live out our dreams .
The villagers , who has followed the genius in silence , are slowly tempting him to share of his greatness .
He was able to work with both directors and work his style into a nice harmony with them .
This is a terrific work deserving of a larger audience .
That leads him to unexpected events ...
The production is very impressive and the setting is bleak .
The feelings are so incredibly visual .
All in all , this is brilliant film , and one that everyone should make the effort to see at least once .
To let people what is going to these and other kinds of animals , and why they are endangered .
The events depicted were highly improbable , but the underlying emotional truth seemed very genuine to me .
It really makes sense in this insane world .
The movie is worth seeing at least once .
First , it is extremely original in both style and content .
There are times in everyones ' lives when people judge them for what they are not who they are .
I cried so many times i ca not count .
The flow of history is nicely reflected to spectators .
Give this series the ending it deserves .
A few summer space campers actually were accidently sent into space by a robot .
Great storyline and actors and good movie sets .
Her eyes have this sparkle that fit totally in her character .
The ending is funny and nicely cynical .
There is no need to get testy with others though .
In my opinion , these storylines were weaved together very well .
The film illustrates this exceptionally well .
I can remember this as though it were yesterday .
I also just loved the ending theme .
Overall this was a good movie even though it could of have been a little more accurate to the book .
Not the most realistic ending but by that time it did not matter .
She 's beautiful , charming , funny and talented , ca not wait to see how much further her career is going to go .
This is good and your kids will probably like it .
Most of the fascination is from the viewing of the three entertainment icons in their early years .
It 's really funny how these two films are alike .
It 's a good film with a touchy story inside .
But once he hits it big , he has to reconsider everything .
Well written and even better played out , this comedy will go down as one of this funnyman 's best .
I found myself rooting for the survival of the couple 's relationship , seeing my own past in their story .
He goes to a site and gets a feeling for it , deciding intuitively what to make that day .
When her father suddenly passes away , she is able to go out into the world on her own .
There are no holes in this film , every minute has a purpose and it 's very entertaining .
The kids find out about her secret and that is when the fun begins .
If you think about , some wacko could be watching you right now and you would not even know it .
The body language , the facial expressions and just the way he delivers every line .
I miss those times where families sat down and had fun .
The cast is splendid , ditto the writing and theme .
A dream sequence provides a great moment of suspense , but what ultimately kills this one is the slow pace .
She had a realistic and somewhat unusual style of acting , which some people might not like though .
Do yourself justice and watch one of the better movies in the modern movie era .
Jericho went berserk after the match .
But the makers got a lot right even if they got many things wrong as well .
It might be for the fans only but also casual viewers should appreciate the well build up tension in the movie .
She gives birth to a child , and invites her brothers for a party .
But the acting is good , and so is the lighting , and the dialog .
The setting is unquestionably what makes this movie so unique .
Unlike most zombie movies , this one provides a motive for mayhem .
The reunion show was well done and gave us many unknown insights into the show .
She is a hardworking and loyal employee , but has never been very appreciated by her colleagues .
I remember having a pretty low regard for a venture like this when it was first released .
When he finally finds her , he gets a shocking revelation on what the real meaning of life is .
A great flick in totality showing what a father does to protect his son .
Each episode was a new short story .
I found it much more real and earthy , the characters more believable for being ' normal ' .
Well , he is , but to me that 's a compliment , not a criticism .
Men , watch this movie with someone you love .
She is one of the most unique artists out there .
Overall , the movie climaxes the viewer to a depressed state .
It 's an instant classic nonetheless .
The following example would be unthinkable today .
A bird that suffered a lot of mishaps and still has not lost his faith in humanity and his sense of humor .
Grab some refreshments , snacks and a couple friends and kick back and relax .
I was not initially impressed by it but it grew on me quickly .
There constant use of the surround channels to great effect and the bass is strong and powerful .
How powerful and captivating simple quality filmmaking can be .
Action , comedy , drama and of course sensuous scenes as well .
It has funny moments , romantic moments , and touching moments .
Campers are invited to the camp of their youth and experience it as adults .
It has it 's share of action , but the action is plotted very carefully , so it has a point .
Bernhard has an unusually perceptive behavioral notebook .
Confusing at times ... yes , but the twists and turns of the plot always keeps you in suspense .
Branagh is one of the few who understands the difference between a film and a play .
And after all these years , the colors look as vibrant as ever .
Jake goes to prison , and spends five years with the con and the chess masters .
You can watch this on the internet , so i suggest check it out .
But the film results would be extraordinary .
I will buy it and judge for myself .
From there , the blob spreads , eating everyone in its path .
She 's sharp , passionate , not quite innocent and no one 's fool .
It is in short , a time of survival of the fittest .
This stirring western spins the tale of the famous rifle of the early west that was coveted by one and all .
I ca not understand what it is that fans of the genre did not like about this film .
Possibly the cuts and subtitles did not help .
Altogether though , a solid entry in the series though not one of the best .
There was something honest about it .
The script , the characters and even the slightly surreal atmosphere feel totally realistic .
But it 's fun to dream about the potential there .
It 's shockingly violent scenes contrasted sharply with the poignant and tender ' love ' scenes .
Good story , but not as good , original and thrilling as the first series .
She shows the right amount of anger and dedication in this performance .
This makes it a more interesting film .
The director does a masterful job with the challenge .
This is a movie that touches in many parts .
If you have nothing to do for the day or you need a lot of humor , you will find this to be a really good movie .
A love expressed in ways that only true love can be .
It might have garnered a higher vote from me .
But this one 's an outstanding piece on its own .
But one day there is a water resource found and a rich nobles man is getting interested in the buying the place .
The series is lovable because of these puns .
Here we are rewarded with a fast moving , well written romp which neatly targets the personalities of its stars .
This is one of my favorites of the year ... it deserves an ocar .
The script is snappy and fun and the overall production values quite high .
But the best efforts of writers and directors are all for nought without a capable cast .
The plot was well thought out , well written and directed .
This film instead is a satire , and it is doing great .
There are some great actors playing these characters .
They also added a few parts , but it was still cool .
Especially the second murder is pretty grim .
This movie is exciting , daring and the music is very good .
Lindy never proved her innocence , so she was found guilty .
The segment was cute but it was not as good as the other segments .
The show was recently canceled , but lasted ten seasons .
The troubled man reclaims himself with his own tangled impression of rectitude .
Both main characters find themselves , and each other , only when breaking rules .
Every second in this presentation is feast for the movie lover from beginning to the very end .
The parallel stories that are intertwined throughout this film will keep all viewers interested .
Not , as it turned out , to protect the court members , but to protect him from the public .
His wife has been restricted to her home with an ankle bracelet as the result of a sentence for arson .
A hilarious film from start to end .
Even my parents loved it and they 're deffinately movie critics .
The trailer for the movie is really good , but the movie is so different from what it might be made out to be .
Pfeiffer was not really at her best but she certainly fit the role she played .
The strong performance of the main character , supported by good dialogues makes this flick very enjoyable .
It was also very moving , but not quite as straight to the point and brutal .
Young to keep his job at the magazine .
A chance in a million reversal saves the family , but it is so rare that we know it is just a dramatic trick .
I thought it was a pretty good movie and should have been released in theaters first .
Great entertainment from start to the end .
It 's a delight for people who like a strong suspense plot and dark atmospherics .
All in all , the movie was just awesome .
It captures well a significant moment in time .
The cast also includes many great supporters .
Kids with tough lives growing up in rough urban areas fall back on sports .
Many of the performances are outstanding .
Until right at the end where there was this transformation , and the ever present speech to tie things up .
This really touched me and as a film , which is based on a true story , it convinced me .
The movie ultimately amounts to a showdown between its two opponents .
A lot of great supporting and cameo characters would help keep the show fresh through added nostalgia and humor .
It 's simply aiming to be a lot of fun , and a charming little romance .
And she did it with an authenticity and freshness that was totally endearing .
He treats the viewer with the best acting performance of his career .
Jokes and one liners are really good .
Paulie is a fantasy of a littler girl or perhaps her recollection of what her youth was like growing up .
Let me just say it truly captures the spirit of the movie . silly , witty , meaningful , and nostalgic .
It is so much more than just a representation of a century .
But it 's a fool 's life , and the two outlaws soon regret their actions .
This is a good story , told in a compelling way .
Most of the flashback sequences were kind of cheesy , but the scene with the mountain lion was intense .
Because it 's sincere , moving , funny and true .
There are plenty of scenes to remember in this movie .
At the same time , they learn things us parents did not know until way , way later .
The camera work is excellent , the music is oh so good .
Characters were very convincing and felt like you could understand their feelings .
Characters were very convincing and felt like you could understand their feelings .
Pfeiffer gives a solid performance , as well , in the role that put her on the path to stardom .
This movie is so full of life it is hard to hit all of the highlights .
Despite her profession , she is still a normal person , and still looks at herself as being religious .
While it was startling to watch this at first , it was nice watching this move along .
Perhaps in his maturing age he 's gained a measure of wisdom .
It 's still a hella cool and really funny .
It 's not spectacular scenery per se but it 's real .
Cheung appears to at least have matured in her acting , but it is still quite raw .
Entertaining if a little on the long side .
Sometimes we bring the story to you , sometimes you have to go to the story .
The food at the end always looks amazing and sometimes it inspires me in the kitchen .
This one does not and it helps to see how the characters care and feel for each other .
This is my favorite of the three care bears movies .
Humour , pathos , great script , strong performances from the leads and supporting caste .
That was my first reaction as the opening credits ran on the screen .
His slothy slur was just too much for me .
The underscore for that moment is brilliant .
It is a classic in every sense of the word .
Well worth a watch ... for those with the stomach .
They need to give him more leading roles that is what he is best at .
He plays the kind of guy that everyone wishes they had in their lives .
Without any glitter , and most disturbingly , without any hope .
They tell a necessary story of intellectual and spiritual awakening , a story which ca not be told often enough .
Tarzan kills lions and rhinos and a steadily increasing number of animals .
I would like to know which rifle that is also .
Whenever anyone bursts into music or song , the film makes for a joyous occasion .
I have seen so many bad low budget films lately , but this one is great .
A great story about a young girl who 's had enough and other worldly forces trying to help make things right .
Wow , this movie was absolutely brilliant .
You ca not help but fall in love with this masterpiece .
I had heard it was good , but not this good .
Yet he 's totally tough and icy cool .
It is a window into a situation that begs for understanding .
This movie is kinda of sad , shows us about revenge , those dirty works people do , almost everything you like .
He is actually female character 's age .
Especially the ideas that everyone is free and that everything is finite .
Everything is important , and certainly the way they dress , all over the movie means more than words .
I love lifetime movies especially the ones that are true , or just the ones that teach a good lesson .
Australia 's first mainstream slasher film hits the screen with a bang .
I do not know whether my video copy has a scene missing but it never shows how the dogs got out of the pit .
The local sheriff is behind the crime and the nightmare begins ...
Romantic comedies are tough movies .
An effective emotional capper and obviously heartfelt .
Earth touches very deeply on the issue and takes a very liberal approach on the subject matter .
However , even when taken only as a love story , it is terrific .
Very nice action with an interwoven story which actually does not suck .
Once it is stolen from its rightful owner , it brings tragedy to everyone that comes in contact with it .
He 's just finished a successful run in a comedy of manners and he 's quite the jovial fellow .
There are also a number of memorable quotes .
The dynamics between the people are what makes it both funny and sad .
Two friends with very rough lives take on the road for an adventure .
This film gets very high marks for creating a creepy atmosphere .
There are some powerful scenes that everyone can relate to .
She can be great , and then she can seem to miss the mark .
The special effects here , primitive though they seem now are quite remarkable for their time .
It 's not only about dressing in drag and lampooning the cultural ills , it goes deeper and much , much , darker .
The moodiness of the setting and the juxtaposition of the old pol and the idealistic youth was effecting .
Livia 's strength is in her daily affirmation of faith in herself .
You will probably get blown away just by what you see here .
The filming and acting were very good , and it is the larger than life characters which make this film memorable .
The chase that ensues helps bring out the truth .
I heard different things about this .
Music plays an active role in this film same as in all his other movies .
Fun , cleancut romp as the girls chase men around the country .
To discover the needs of any situation or others , listen .
The movie deserves being watched more than once .
Their story is devastating to watch , but is ultimately important for people to see .
Great fun for anyone wishing to enjoy their youth again .
When her parents find out trouble strikes but her dad lets her play the big match on her sisters
While there 's no intimacy in this relationship , it fits the purpose .
And everything about it has a magical feeling towards it .
Eugene also develops a romance which begins to separate him from his twin brother .
That said , on a conceptual level the film is easy to follow and already pretty hilarious .
My daughter , sister and a few of my friends loved watching this show .
Hart exuded a keen talent for physical comedy , particularly in her facial expressions .
This movie makes me just enjoy watching movies .
Great actor , just coming into his own .
Most scenes of the movie would be nice desktop wallpapers ... commendable job .
The acting was also very good , and that is hard to do in a film like this .
I have no idea what that may be , but it holds a great deal of fascination to me .
Though discrete , there was strong sexual connotation .
The scrotal puppet show at the end is the best .
As each firefighter arrives at the firehouse , they greet each other with joyous hugs at having made it back .
The great film photographer finished his illustrious career with this movie before passing on .
This is a real horror film with some truly wonderful horror moments .
I loved the information about the beach bums or father 's of surfing .
It is a lovely , quiet and soul sustaining movie , and one to be treasured for any movie collection .
Tiempo de valientes is a very fun action comedy .
I really do not know what people have against this film , but it 's definitely one of my favourites .
Though without sight , she has insight .
If you like thrillers and films about serial killers and cops chasing killers , then you will like this .
These two new twists make the film timely for a modern audience .
The pathos of the little boy and his beloved yet sadly insane father is most touching .
It 's a hard lesson but well worth contemplating now and then .
They bemoan their fate , and the weakness of men that deceive their loved ones and lust for war .
A treat for both the eye and the ear .
The fact that this film can still stand up against most crap made these days says a lot about this film .
Would have been nice to get a clearer picture of how they view their prophet 's more controversial statements .
From that point to the end it s a straight run to the finish with very little of the fun that preceded it .
Rien is not the best movie ever made ...
The movie had me laughing from start to finish .
All the players did a good job at keeping this a lively romp .
All in all , it 's more entertaining than your average cartoon .
She carries herself with enough grace and sex appeal to make the part memorable .
A man travels to see his estranged brother .
Never mind about if it showed her awards or what they were for .
Every crime drama seems to be a noir .
The stylized dialog just adds to the magical atmosphere of the film .
The music is fantastic , the script and acting are terrific .
Every death scene had a particular distinction to it .
Vivah is about the sanctity of marriage and the importance of commitment between two individuals .
Like running a car with no oil and the engine seizing up , the horse broke down with tragic consequences .
Some love it , some ca not finish it .
There was only a couple things to complain about here , and one is a usual complaint .
Character designs were great and funny .
Above all , this is a neat look at people coming up with ways to challenge the system .
It will be interesting to see how this plays out . 
But for what the film lacks in character complexities it makes up for in beauty and depth of vision .
All of the characters have their flaws , but they also have depth and likability .
Polanski finds the invisibility of his characters and makes something enormous out of it .
Nicely done and passes the time in an entertaining manner .
She then sings about this lost childhood innocence in the lovely
I simply can not recommend this movie highly enough .
If you have not read the book , it is well worth it .
It s a film that treats its audience as adults and deals with all of life including the darkness .
Like the beginning , the ending is terrific .
He 's definitely the nastiest character we 've met , and some of the decisions he makes are truly nasty .
The three leading men are brilliant .
This was by far the best war documentary ever made .
Added to the other strengths , this creates rich and convincing visual images and compelling , real characters .
It 's a clean movie , despite the rather grim setting and the unhappy family dynamics .
Viewers really cared deeply for the crew .
But should genuinely inspire us to higher goals , a higher purpose .
Watch this movie if you want to understand the beginning of the tv series .
There is some sick , twisted stuff shown in this film .
The characters are everyday people and thus , they are believable .
Jermaine takes revenge on the gang bangers who shot him , who in turn continue the rumble .
Few directors know how to communicate essential things .
Honestly this is a great show and to any one who has never watched it you must go and watch it .
Immediate family is not good enough .
It has more power , it has more emphasis , it 's clearer and deeper .
At moments it could turn too weird , but when you got inside it , it 's hard to get out of it .
Very often in the film is a person grabbed and then yanked away , and then finding the bloody body afterward .
Hank is insecure , cowardly , and very much under the influence of his big brother .
And there are some great moments within this film .
The stars of the show are a herd of elephants , a family of polar bears and a whale and its calf .
There is a guilty pleasure corner of my movie taste which really appreciates really well done shocker movies .
The ones suffering from a serious lack of innocence will find a problem connecting to this masterpiece .
Hamlet , by contrast is set in the depths of winter .
He 's got rough ways , some mean job and no heart .
And frankly , some skits are still dead funny .
The most recent episode was surprising how the story worked out .
The visuals , though shot on digital , were gorgeous in places .
Just like these whiners who complain about the movie .
During a fight scene , you see one of the fighters on the floor is laughing .
His participation in the seventh and eight seasons was noticeably less than in the earlier seasons .
In reality things like this do happen and that is why this movie shows a lot of it .
The best scenes in the film give this film its emotional grounding .
Savaged when it came out , this film now looks handsome and sounds great .
Most of the extras are on disc two .
But one has arrived , and it 's quite good .
This movie is funny and suitable for any age .
Williams will go to any low in order to replay the football game that haunts his life .
Of a necessity it is shot in darkness and shadows , making it possibly the first noir thriller .
Her interaction with the other female prisoners give her some very good scenes .
I definitely recommend it if your looking for some light and funny entertainment ...
She seems pretty confused but sometimes helps the other characters from their problems .
The last shot of the film alone is worth the admission price .
If you like to laugh and want to watch a movie that contains nonstop humor , then this movie is for you .
The action is driven by characters and their reactions to what is happening all around them .
Some great funny characters combined with some very humorous situations make this one a real surprise for me .
Nina finds a great deal of strength in her mother 's mistake .
I feel like they fit well and do not think kids will notice .
Actually the only time it even comes close to genuine silliness is when the beautiful girl causes
This film has some great performances by a supurb cast .
I thought that the last episode was really good , and a fitting ending to the series .
We need more shows like this that makes viewers feel like they are intelligent individuals not mindless drones .
We need more shows like this that makes viewers feel like they are intelligent individuals not mindless drones .
As they are in a fix with their feelings .
The photography is simply outstanding .
Not even hardened cynics can find any flaws in this wonderful setting .
I thought they worked very well together .
This movie is definitely a fresh new idea that was pulled off pretty well .
Fido is a story about more well mannered zombies who have been trained to serve the human race .
But this time , she plays a cute tomboy very well .
Charming , funny , and well written , with meaningful text .
The film became famous and infamous almost overnight .
They end up falling in love with each other , but later she accuses him of something he had no part in .
Not only was the movie intense but it had a great plot to it .
By the end , they 've forged a real bond of respect for each other .
If you love birds like my wife does , this film is for you .
This masterpiece ends in a tragic way .
Of course , you 'd be a fool to see it without watching the others first .
It 's not often that a film is able to come across that way .
It 's a mix of laughter and sadness .
It is a heartbreaking , almost devastating , scene , which will stay with the viewer for a long time .
This is a terrific movie , and at the same time ultimately poignant and sad .
It plays more like a family drama with horror elements thrown in .
The world is so creative , so uniquely beautiful , with a sort of muted storybook look to it .
A day or so later he met her at a friend 's house .
As you start guessing the things , you end up at most being close , but missing the mark in many a scenes .
This is what gives it its special charm .
He is money driven , greedy , and just escaped death row , as he states in the start of the feature .
Instead it accurately records necessary growth arising from the films unique circumstances .
Some unsuspecting films carry a message that resonates in the hours and days after viewing .
Good selection of cast too for this show , fit the characters perfectly .
Lost , probably the best t.v series ever made .
Pretty much all the performances here were excellent .
Do not underestimate how twisted the humor is in this one .
It 's not a comfortable question , as both choices offer inherent dangers and unknowable outcomes .
I will probably end up buying it myself .
However , when you are at the movie , just remember this movie is all in good humor .
You ca not have a conversation while running in and out of the room .
But by the end of the film , the audience comes to identify with her , and accept her faults as human .
Girl gets infected by a parasitic alien creature that turns her into a homicidal cyborg .
Goldsworthy has an affinity with water , hence the title .
He was really getting into his stride as an actor then and gives a sweet and sharp performance .
Second , the movie is exceptionally humane .
I saw this film last night on cable and it is extraordinary .
Not every episode is depressing and harsh , but overall this is definitely the tone .
This show started out with great mystery episodes .
Now , however , after almost forty years , it 's not as good as it was .
This movie is about a man who has a dream , and is encouraged by friends and family to pursue that dream .
Every scene was so fluid they just rolled together to tell a brilliant story .
It was not horrible , nor was it great , but it was enjoyable to watch .
I see most horror films that come out ...
On the plot front , making a romantic story work on pure conversation is not an easy job to accomplish .. 
Halloween is a genuinely terrifying movie .
We see a family man painting furniture with his young son .
One thing the film leaves us with is the horror and fear of a lonely life .
This is a world of relentless industrialization .
This movie and its prophecy series can be seen free at this website higherpraise.com , and judge for yourself .
I urge you to see it if you can find it .
And therein is the core of the movie .
And for starters the acting is top notch , and you can look no further than the two leads .
Ahmad uses the eye to see the princess .
This film , like the story and the set itself , is one for the ages .
Without naming them all , the rest of the cast is wonderful .
Backett reluctantly accepts his fate as a lifetime professional killer for his country .
One that made me think and think again .
It 's perfectly restrained to emphasize the rational intellectual atmosphere for this film .
But it 's their serious approach and determination that makes them funny .
This film is a wonderfully simplistic work .
The scenery of the small , coastal summer spot is beautiful and plays well with the major theme of the movie .
But this time he finds out a little more about his old life .
This film has all kinds of fascinating scenes of studios , movie sets , dressing rooms , editing rooms , etc .
This movie is filled with love , humour , and intelligence .
It does not have a particular storyline , and it 's quite silly at times , but it does have a subtle message .
Bless her , her family and future endeavors .
I missed it on the first run choosing to see the other film .
Another bit of a fumble , although a bit more of a curiosity , is the use of colour throughout the film .
Their music and cinematography leaves you spell bound .
I also just enjoy based on fact adventure stories .
It is not the only line that pops up and makes an imprint on our memory .
She likes the art and having strong women promenant .
She literally shines in this movie .
You can see real people behind the unreal lines .
The emotional impact of this movie defies words .
The whole series is about the pilots dealing with the loss of time , friends , and mentors .
God has put him on a mission to rid the world of demons .
The rhythm is somewhat slow and austere , but the whole is so beautiful that you quickly get into it .
It took me back to a time and place of fun and excitement .
But this moving is not about politics .
It s a timeless musical you definitely could not remake it , it stands on its own .
Then it is well accompanied by a heavenly music .
This is not , you understand , an abusive father .
Shows very nicely the dynamics of arranged marriage when it is new .
Action fused with a fantastic story .
Open your heart , and let the comedic magic of film transport you .
Overall , this movie struck me as awestruck .
Especially when you consider the lack of user comments on it .
These two find love with one another .
Dripping with symbolism and filled with marvelous cinematography ,
There is real wisdom to be learned in this movie if you only open yourself up to it .
We 've become very sophisticated according to the media as far as what we watch or not .
I 'm not a great fan of mixing colour with black and white in general .
It 's also scary that once the blob gets on you , you ca not get it off .
Run out to your video store and pick it up today .
Also , the parts about being a transvestite are quite good .
But you ai not got no business going ' in there anyway .
Extase is so much more than the erotic drama we 've all come to expect .
The shots of her face and the emotions are priceless .
But it 's a fairy tale , and these tend to move along at a certain paste anyhow .
I still remember one of the opening lines ....
Hoorah for character lines to go along with a great smile .
But then , some of it was actually well done as far as grossing you out .
The two grow remarkably close and soon ca not live without each other .
Those just mentioned , as well as a comedy , drama , and romance .
We know how these things work , everything comes together at the end .
The way the story is developed , keeps the audience wondering what is the tenant 's dark past .
Instead of deliciously quotable dialogue we get gritty , harrowing realism .
Rent it , sit down , relax , take it in , smile a little .
It shows us an example of friendship and hopes we understand .
Overall , it 's involving story complete with drama , suspense , humor and sadness .
From here , the movie is an intense experience which bases on the visual and emotional part of the movie .
It wo not win any awards , but it just has to be watched to be appreciated .
Crouse stars alongside him as the psychiatrist seduced by his work , and again is believable in her role .
Watching this movie , you feel more like a viewer of a carefully edited documentary than a participant .
It brings out the child in everyone .
The voice acting is good as with most animation movies .
The actors are choreographed more like dance than acting .
Dad first sees the murders as his mission .
Creasy 's art is death ... he 's about to paint his masterpiece .
He 's very severe and strict regarding his young daughter and he keeps her in isolation for the outside world .
If you watch this movie closely you will notice that the technical prowess on display is virtuostic .
The entire cast is wonderful and all the episopes have good plots .
Gay or strait it s a great doco for anyone who likes film .
I would also have to disagree with a comment made by an earlier reviewer about baddies having to be ugly .
Even the parents , great connection between father and son .
Not everyone in the movie likes him , but all the girls love him .
It was not as creative or original as the first , but who was expecting it to be .
There are some surprisingly good performances on display from an extremely inexperienced cast .
And , as a result , it 's a lot harder to like him or want to see them get together in the end of the film .
This has everything you could ask for in a film including some great lines .
It 's fun to see how they are instantly able to use nothing to become gods of their own little society .
That 's why this movie was so awesome .
Saw this movie twice at community screenings and really loved it .
Having him not be in the final episodes is strange .
Strangely enough it 's the kind of film that you will want to see again and again .
From the start of the movie , it 's clear the man carries a weight on his shoulders , before he even says a word .
The film is extremely atmospheric and it scared the hell out of me .
It 's the butler you will remember best long after the closing credits roll .
It also felt like a movie that took some cuts .
This is a film exploring the female sexuality in a way not so often used .
Yeti 's body language and the ' special effects ' also .
Cinematography , film editing , music score , sound and narration are all excellent .
All together this makes a good sequel .
Still , the whole cast does well in this thoughtful tale of mindless malevolence .
Grandmasters you sometimes get in chess tournaments .
Bright colors , great effects and awesome sound effects .
Most sports films revolve around true stories or events , and they often do not work well .
It is a masterpiece that should not be missed by any action movie fan .
An accountant wants more from life than the approved conventional success .
It 's cheesy , it 's creepy , it 's gross , but that 's what makes it so much fun .
His performance shocks , entertains , disgusts and charms you while leaving you breathless .
The viewing of this film left me shocked and upset .
A portrait of unforced emotions binding people together .
She based the character on a real person .
Winters is very impressive as the young woman determined to get away from her squalid life .
The two eventually forge a bond that is both touching and pathetic .
The actors have nice chemistry and you absolutely believe in their developing relationship .
First things first , the female lead is too gorgeous to be missed .
I would however disagree with the above comment .
The movie has the same feel as the comic book , staying true to the color scheme .
The scenery and the costuming are also completely unmissable and very authentic .
The movie does have it s share of suspenseful moments but that 's not what the film is really about .
I do not know , but either way it 's quite fascinating .
The greatest pity is it wo not be released domestically .
Spiritual harmony is the most important for love .
If you have a soft spot for animals , this is guaranteed to make you cry no matter your age .
The expansiveness of the big sky country provides a wonderful setting .
They have some great exchanges of dialog in the film .
It s much more personal and people can relate to it .
It is immensely funny , even if you ca not catch all the details on the first viewing .
The human race breeds like roaches with no outside influence to curtail it .
With breathtaking scenery that does not detract but very much enhances the story .
The music are lovely ... it really suits to the movie .
Great acting and drama and historically accurate .
No one will ever understand we were simply protecting ourselves .
There he learns to appreciate , even cherish the very things he left home to get away from .
Taker went delirious with pain , but managed to counter .
I went to see this movie expecting a nice relaxing time in the theater with my younger sister .
It was not the best of all movies , but it was good enough .
It sounds clique ' , but it was a normal day for everyone one of the firemen said in the documentary .
This one also gets a solid ten on the voting scale .
Those with supporting roles are also quite good .
Those were some wonderful memories , never to be had again ...
The end fight stunts are for me the best fight stunts ever put to film .
The actors were great and displayed wonderful talent .
Those people know how to have a good time .
Pialat films people in extreme emotional situations , usually with several violent scenes .
If you want hot and exciting softcore done properly , this is the movie to watch .
If you want hot and exciting softcore done properly , this is the movie to watch .
It really needs to be watched more then once to understand all the jokes .
This is a solid political thriller that kept me guessing .
However the time transport sequence itself is trippy as hell and quite beautiful , if not a bit dated .
It is one of the greatest adventure comic strips of all time .
His use of shadows is quietly effective .
Stanwyck herself is the only thing that keeps the film worth sitting through .
The cast is talented and does at great job becoming the characters portrayed .
In short , it 's a cute , charming film that will make you smile .
Durbin is funny , determined , resourceful , energetic and , of all things , natural .
Once again , when a film has a good mix of categories , it usually succeeds .
This is not one of my favourite films but is a good study of human relationships .
The opening commercial is a very nice touch .
There also several visual gags that are quite ahead of their time .
So the marriage was going on the rocks as well .
At the very least it 's entertaining and fun to look at it , and that 's the movie 's only intentions .
This sport is known as baseketball .
It 's refreshing to not being in a romance on screen with the leading lady .
They engage in the necessary repairs and soon find a few residents in hiding .
First thing first , the story is actually good .
The movie focuses on a house that strangely accommodates whomever lives there .
Rozsa 's score is especially beautiful .
I found this film to be a fascinating study of a family in crisis .
Well this movie was probobly one of the funniest scary movie i have ever seen .
I believe it to be her best performance yet .
Perhaps art will always mean the most to its creator .
I feel this movie is virtually flawless .
You will feel like you 're in the middle of the situation .
If you get hooked , do not let this show let you go .
A few really great clips make up for this .
There is an internal logic rare in these films .
I was not happy to see him die either but it makes the movie more realistic .
When it was first released , the film was very controversial .
If you are not into or do not like ' rap ' , you will enjoy the jokes at the expense of the genre .
And , again , the cinematography is really nice .
It is about how many manages to keep the dark side passive and not active .
You know what the power is but it is never explained , nor totally realized until the end .
It 's quite amazing to watch these pets trying to survive in the wilderness .
Family dynamics , community and the inevitability of change have rarely been explored so expertly on film .
One of the best photographed films ever , many shots are incredible compositions of form , color and light .
It also contains many memorable supporting characters including
Maléfique is a rather deep , rather complex , rather compelling story of obsession and desperation .
Sight gags , subtle jokes , play on words and verses .
It 's the sheer brilliance of their performance that will make you watch it again and again .
I mean i liked it all until the end where ...........
There 's social commentary , speculation , and a good story .
Omigosh , this is seriously the scariest movie i have ever , ever seen .
He 's another great , underappreciated actor who possesses a powerful screen presence .
The story is original and well written .
This movie has several things going for it .
There is a tense uncertainty to the film 's movement which , intentional or not , adds to the grim proceedings .
They have these wonderful scenes together where she sings in his arms while he plays the saxophone .
That 's about all there is to it , or all that can be told without spoiling the story by revealing its outcome .
Stewart is it goes without saying excellent adding some cold hard obsession to his usual laid back cowboy .
Sure this movie is not historically accurate but it is great entertainment .
It will make you feel a lot better .
This is one of the finest music concerts anyone will ever see and hear .
You will have to see the movie if you want to know why .
You will have to see the movie if you want to know why .
Plus , his dedication he puts into his performances is phenomenal .
Remember is a fitting episode to end this great program .
There were some comments about the music .
Which , in a strange way , makes me like this movie all the more .
I took your kids fishing last week .
It 's what it does to you personally that counts ...
It was a remarkable show with many ambiguities and mysteries that were never explained during it 's short run .
It 's such an intelligent story also , with plenty of classical allusions .
This movie is a poem , remarkable for the art to describe the shades of common loneliness .
I thought everybody seemed really human and believable .
Today gays in the military is a big issue .
Hilarious , evocative , confusing , brilliant film .
There are very few shorts with this level of quality .
It 's an intelligent film if you allow it to win you over .
The very final scene is also pretty cute .
They clearly made reference to the very beginning of the series with his silhouette floating motionless .
Eventually you will reach a point were all the clues and everything that 's happened or being done adds up .
If you have not seen this series yet , check it out .
God 's love transcends the heart and mind and endures and is eternal .
It is a great story and also inspires others .
I ca not remember laughing so hard at a film and yet being moved by it .
Here is where he shows his true colors and proceeds to rape her .
Some skits just make you want to gag , and cringe , others skits make you laugh and oddly enough think .
The acting was great , the erotic music and the beautiful women add up to make this one a winner .
The way these questions are answered is part of what makes this movie great .
A perfect example of musical comedy .
Every image questions its role , its nature , and its form .
Cinema is dead but still very lively .
What a gem of a movie , so good that they made a sequel .
There 's also a strong message included here .
Visconti mixes neorealism with noir sensibilities to great effect .
It connects a pretty wide variety of different characters and stories without appearing to be cluttered .
Everyone involved in its creation deserves a medal .
Two underrated character actresses that never fail to bring it with their performances .
Alice manages to land a job in hope of finding her lost father .
Plenty of wisecracks at the beginning , but the characters soften up as the film progresses .
Quite frankly it 's a bit different .
And one man changes everything for her , makes her a different woman almost .
Distortion is a disturbing , haunting film , about life imitating art and art reflecting life .
Kudos to the cast , crew and filmmakers .
But the story and the characters are so strong , it really does not matter .
Also , it 's just so sad that he suffered from cerebral palsy .
But it is good , it have funny parts .
Excellent story about teenagers , leaders , high school football stars .
They begin sharing everything in life .
He fears himself more than he fears anything else in life .
If it has done it s job , you wo not want it to end .
A group of young men and women get killed one by one gruesomely until the final showdown .
Others may involve selling at a retail outlet or on the street .
Missed in this movie was the depth , a very deep film , many layers of emotion , affecting .
There are definitely some thematic parallels , though the films are definitely different .
Seldom are we soaked in beauty like this .
Noir has always reflected the darkest fears , brought them to the surface .
Although it is at first thought to be only about love , it really goes down deeper than that .
But for what they do on their meager budgets , these films should be recommended .
Some of the performances felt overly dramatic but fit perfectly with the feel of the overall piece .
Typical performances from each of the three main actors , who all did a good job with their roles .
Mary defies the youth oriented society with wit and charm .
His eyes conveyed more than most actors words .
A film that can so easily combine sex , gender relations , politics and art is a rarity these days .
The piece is quite short but accomplishes a lot .
It touches on the complexities of loving relationships in a meaningful way , but never lectures .
Excellent makeup and special effects too .
Torrance is a man in his forties , married , with one child , and with a past of trouble and alcoholism .
If you get a chance to see it on a classic movie channel , you should .
Once the flame begins to catch , the wind will blow it higher .
It turns out that he 's one of the customers at the café that she 's always flirting with .
He sees a story and adds a strange quality to the film .
You 're in for a real treat and a good time , so do not miss this one .
The strength and beauty of this film is in the direct , earthy performances of the cast .
Words fall short for this great work .
The audience all shared my laughter , and was clapping and yelling throughout most of the movie .
I know everybodies favorite mocumentary is
Best from the group is probably the most memorable scene in the whole film .
Stanley 's life is difficult , because he never learned to read or write .
He does the best he can to see that happen .
The land begins to flood and homes soon are being washed away by the deluge .
I 'm sure the replay value will be good though .
It has no biases or prejudices and has given the partition a human story .
It has no biases or prejudices and has given the partition a human story .
Cinderella is idealistic and strong , and the mice provided great comic relief .
All of the most memorable elements are included .
Very innocent flirtation between the two .
I finally got my wish to see this one in a cinema .
It 's unflinching in its candor and ultimately unforgettable .
Never saw it again until it showed up on cable again recently .
Things get more complicated as nobody seldom tells the truth about things .
Are uses that marvelous song by the same name throughout the film .
As well as the sadness when he was killed in battle .
The fight sequences are lively , brisk and , above all , not gratuitous .
This movie is one of the best ever produced by disney .
She is even willing to take a bath .
Visual creative epic of inimitable style .
On that level , it works , but it 's not quite powerful enough .
People have no clue what ideas are being explored in their favorite movies .
Then , he gets a chance to find out .... and gets a little more than he bargained for .
I have watched the series and find all the players work together well .
He had asked us to prove to him and to ourselves that were real .
Soon he has a whole chain of stores .
Two thumbs up to everybody involved .
The score is a beautiful piece of suspense delivering apparatus .
Welling rose to the occasion marvelously .
Although the final episode is in black and white , it does not detract from the enjoyment of watching the film .
I always liked the cinematography and the sceneries of this movie .
I even shed a tear at the finale of this wonderful tale .
Whoever around the world understands
Lighten up , take off the critic 's hat , and enjoy .
What a surprising treat to come across on late television .
A movie well worth remembering and rewatching ,
His acting was especially great in the scenes where he confronts his mom about the drugs .
It gave the movie a bit of a sense of adventure and entertainment .
The music is superb , reprising the original 's theme .
It 's not a great film , yet because there is little contrived about it , the story works .
And yet ... with all those objections ... not only is this the best
Beautifully acted and real situations .
While the war itself is kind of taken a back seat in this film , it envelops the character 's lives .
Aditya is still at his blithe best leading a carefree life .
You might be able to forgive that because of the time in which it was made , but it 's still hard to get past .
She 's cute too , in a mature way , her beauty in her compassionate nature not in any flirtatiousness .
Watch a weirdly natural and totally satisfying song break out of a scene .
Never miss this one whenever it 's broadcast .
But these folks were probably right to keep the movie so tightly focused .
Even his wife has to admit that the fireworks which he organized were worth seeing .
The ending of the movie is very different from most movies .
I believe this movie will be a classic .
Wlaken do well , as the bumbling detectives .
All in all , a nice job by everyone concerned .
They use some famous actors which give a great effect on the film .
Without question , this film has to be one of the greatest ........ in cinematic history .
The story builds gently , systematically and substantive .
I was greatly affected by the scene of the man and the children who he raises as his own .
It is a party movie to enjoy with friends who like loads of splatter and goofy characters .
All of the kids are pretty good and all in all pretty entertaining .
Cambell is the incarnation of both foolish and wise love .
His life and his teaching is reduced to little , at best a few witty remarks .
The violence is kept to a minimal which makes a change .
In a calm scene , it 's more calmer .
But generally a very funny show with lots of laughs and fun .
Randy immediately turns on him , holding the gun to the man 's head .
You can find other symbols and allusions throughout the movie .
Lassalle 's fate is a masterful effects sequence .
Most of all it truly brings home that mankind is capable of when all normal rules of civility are removed .
If you have not seen it , you should see it .
Peaches in comparison is a master piece .
There are many strong scenes in the story , but the actors just do an efficient job .
It is the historical sections that work the best .
Rain or shine outside , you enter a movie house .
It is too easy to say that her life is filled with meaninglessness .
But this supernatural comedy is still a hilarious and worthwhile entertainment .
Othello think that it 's happening .
Just not him , everyone did well in the roles they played .
Their only purpose is to win wars that other people lose .
It left me with a quiet sense of exultation , but with a small touch of sadness mixed in .
The frog and water lily have a parasitic relationship .
I think it great example of the differences between two cultures .
The music is great , and gets stuck in your head forever ...
I thought that it was well acted and it really made me feel for the characters .
It is not like your normal superhero movie .
His character was deeply complex and he was very persuasive .
We watch , we learn , we experience ourselves .
In short this is a film whose flaws are easy to forgive
This is an almost perfect movie .... sad but in a way positive .... because of the whales .
If they see this film they will understand clearly at least one man 's interpretation of the play .
A lot of money must have been put into this , and it shows .
Like every sopranos episode the acting and filming is superb .
Nature simply seems too impressive to comprehend .
Facial expressions are worth the whole film .
This is a masterpiece of comic acting .
It was dark , dramatic and gripping .
A simple , but spooky opening credits sequence that really sets the mood .
The title really captures immediate interest in the more urban markets .
I never saw a man so full of hate as you .
It fills time nicely , but is little more than that .
Tony sets out to find the killer against his superior 's order .
The way the older brother is drawn into this tiny world seems unforced and persuasive .
So no matter how hard it gets there 's always a slight joyous tune when they are together .
It was quite moving to see the men wipe away a tear as they spoke of murder , shooting and strangulation .
These are the ones to get , if you can find a copy .
As entertainment , the film does not make it , though it was clearly not intended to entertain .
From beginning to end , it is filled with genuine thrills .
Lugosi has a straight role for once and does what he can with the limited part .
I assure you , the trailer does not do it justice .
The sound and imagery of the film are stunningly well realized .
In the intricately plotted screenplay , it 's fascinating how both story lines keep intertwining with each other .
The acting by a small cast is pretty good .
Not to be missed an adventure classic .
I thought it was a very funny movie .
It has an eery feel with it 's dark interpretations of illusions .
I can not believe how unknown this movie is , it was absolutely incredible .
It has romance , action , beautiful scenery , and has a exciting plot .
This film is an absolute classic for camp .
Over seventy years later , it is still as sexy as it was when it came out .
So some downsides here but still a pretty good and entertaining movie .
The romance of the movie , which is also its main theme , is good and nicely presented .
In her short but memorable scene , she 's the one who holds the essence of the story 's moral .
Creasy , making him live and smile again , and he feels a great affection for her .
Murphy is a comic genius in this film and will make you say this is the guy that did dr.
Consequently , it is extremely easy to become to drawn to any particular character .
It is now one of favourites of all time .
The best part if this movie is the father son relationship which is a tearjerker .
The ending was adorable and was actually sad , made me cry a little .
Outstanding performances from the whole cast .
It was shown in a party at my school .
It 's more along the lines of dramedy than comedy .
Surprised to see the rather low score for this movie .
This movie kept me spellbound from start to finish .
Holes is an intelligent , insightful and witty family movie .
Ray looked lovely not seen her before and hope to see her again in the future .
Anyone who does not like this film is one who is afraid to explore his or her own demons .
In my opinion , this movie can boast the best background art and one of the best character design .
You should not go into it expecting that .
Morbius ca not turn back and so he is destined to destroy himself and everything with him .
I want to see the message , and watch the message that these books and now movies are here to portray .
Stallone really needed that movie get back with success .
A nice mixture of gunplay and physical conflict will satisfy most action flick enthusiasts .
I do like stand up comedy , so this is the one reality show must keen to my interests .
The clues have to all fit together until you can finally understand the whole crime .
The clothing they wore were authentic , the history and why they fought is very accurate and well researched .
The most important thing now is the story .
As you could read in several magazines there is some sex in the film , but it is done all very beautifully .
As you could read in several magazines there is some sex in the film , but it is done all very beautifully .
I still ca nt get enough of watching some of his best stunts ever .
Iturbi provides some fine piano playing .
She is a gorgeous creature who awakened passion in men .
The action keeps the viewer deeply involved and the finale is quite disturbing .
Then refresh yourself with a delightful experience .
I think that the writer did an amazing job depicting what might have been .
That 's if you enjoy movies that like to have fun and for those who do not take everything at face value .
The tornadoes in this movie hit in the fall , which is not a common time for them to happen .
I have a feeling that the remake is not as simple and innocent .
Seftel also managed to nicely blend the humour of the story .
He is equally effective despite being conventional .
That is a much more realistic boxing movie .
Carla is a secretary who is essentially deaf without her hearing aids .
The photography throughout is stunning , atmospheric , bold , and very stylish .
As a horse lover one can only appreciate this movie .
A world made of floating islands and flying ancient cities .
Passion and simplicity is all we need .
He shows that it is possible to make gripping movies without machine guns and bloodshed .
The fine line between life and art is dazzling .
But the strongest part of the movie ... wait ... the thing is , everything here is perfect .
It offers some genuine scares and plenty of tension .
It does not present a series of pretty pictures .
The rest of the cast is strong , and the whole movie is very well acted and filmed .
People come across a literate parrot and all they see is a way to make money or benefit themselves .
Undying is a very good game which brings some new elements on the tired genre of first person shoot em ups .
But the point of resolution is perfectly wonderful .
Superior ancients that dwell in the lands of lore far beyond any average human creature 's understanding .
The desert locations provide some atmosphere and the gore is rather strong .
The startling conclusion packs a mean and lingering wallop right to the gut .
If you have not seen it , go see it .
This is a thrilling psychological ride and you will probably find your own beliefs being thrown into question .
Bravo to the director and writer who obviously did their homework on those issues .
For a mature man , to admit that he shed a tear over this film is a mature response , to a mature film .
Some have been critical , but the movie features excellent special effects .
A brilliant movie about family , guilt , sacrifice , betrayal , and love .
To see their heroes in action one more time .
There are many intense scenes and it is heartwarming .
I recommend anyone who enjoys a good chilling to the bone scare to give this film a try .
They thought actors got in the way of things .
The gore factor is pretty good in this one with zombie hordes around every corner .
The movie has a big budget , and is starring famous danish actors , and a few newcomers , who play very well .
All the actors have showed the right emotions at the right intensity with right timing .
It is not a simple task as he quickly finds out .
A showcase of great scenes and stunts .
The girls go through life 's troubles and have life lessons .
Everything you need for an entertaining monster movie .
Craven keeps us guessing as to the involvement of others and if anyone will come to her rescue .
She played a rookie cop thrown into serial killer case perfectly .
The story is a real morality tale , the kind that she loved to star in .
One article said that zombies and the crew from this movie would help sandbag the river after shooting each day .
This was incredible , fluid framing .
This is a story about a family really getting to know each other .
Extase , is a ' symphony of love ' , and transcends all language versions .
There 's some very clever humour in this film , which is both a parody of and a tribute to actors .
The story plucks at your emotions and pulls you along .
You can see that from the beginning .
I would definitely recommend watching all three in a row .
Character building takes some time .
This movie may be the one that actually gets it right relative to exploring and living on other planets .
This is a more interesting than usual porn movie , because it is a fantasy adventure .
This is not a new release , it 's out on video and airs on cable almost every week .
Second part is what happens in real life .
Anyway , there are a lot of things to like about the movie .
There were never two more loveable gamblers than these guys .
From the very beginning her worried father ran here and there for her daughter .
Many doors are shown in the screen , opened and closed .
The artwork style is beautiful and reminiscent of traditional anime , very cultural .
The story is very good , except for the fact that it has so many twists .
Here 's to knowing he 's getting the chance .
But in all honesty , this ' fault ' actually aids the film .
A surprise thriller with more twists and double crosses than a doodle pad .
Every interior is full of detail that tells you all about the people who live in it .
A visual challenge to all those who put their eye behind the lens .
Wilson sometimes plays it a little too dense , and this dilutes his likable charm .
Others ask their questions too , and to be honest it raises more than it answers .
I thought this movie was pretty good .
All of the outfits were tacky , especially when they wore the penny loafers with their regular outfits .
The catalog is around here someplace .
It is very hard to dislike this movie .
I watched it and absolutely loved it .
One of those movies that should become a classic for all .
It sometimes takes the upperhand to the images and then you feel its power .
I 've seen this movie twice with my teenagers who love it .
It looked so damn real my daughter cried when she saw it .
Her eyes , her innocence did most of the talking .
If you like and appreciate psychological drama and suspense , then , by all means , see it .
The chase scene through the packing plant is impressive even today .
Careful not to over glorify the most powerful and persuasive of all human emotions ,
That 's what makes her a star , in part .
I will echo other reviewers in saying that this movie really does grow on you as you watch .
Firelight glistening off of smooth and muscled skin creates stunningly beautiful imagery .
If you have an open heart , love the toys or enjoyed the original , this is not to be missed .
I went to this movie at a cast and crew show cause my friend , whom is a producer on the movie invited me .
As is the case with this film , we see the desperation of people in the time of war .
Simple and complex jokes that could appeal to all ages .
No such piece of art has ever combined laughter and tears in me before and that is the miracle of the movie .
The film has you constantly working out what is going on and genuinely surprises as it goes along .
The best thing about the movie is it 's consistency with the relationship .
Take it as it is , you do not have to like it .
I avoided watching this film for the longest time .
It works in more ways than one might imagine .
It fully deserved to win best picture .
A sparkling film with a great cast and everything working .
The cast choice is equally enigmatic .
And another thing is that players give some of their best performances away from their home studio .
She is another woman entry age , divorced and a little lonely .
The best part of this movie is the cinematography .
In fact , the final hour is so filled with plot twists and suspense that you ca not leave your seat for a second .
Does not stop the movie from being just plain good fun viewing though .
It 's good to see a movie that sticks closer to reality than most would dare to .
Woo style sequence , this serves as a nice starter for the film .
The rub is he is also quite mercurial and so there may be more in his gusto than in actual content .
Personal , social , professional life seems to work someway , but is deeply flawed and influenced by events .
You also have a unique ending , visually , with a shootout in a house of mirrors .
Another key theme is helping people and in turn being helped by people .
You will meet the girl of your dreams .
This is really good and surprising scenes .
There are some nice moments , though , for instance , the crash that awakens
Although this film did demand a solid attention span at times .
Misunderstood by some and picked on by others .
Full of zippy one liners and inside showbiz jokes , this story flies along with a steady stream of humor .
Also the thought of how the movie goes is a nice way of thinking .
He also is shown sopping wet in a swimsuit .
Sidney finds creative ways to annoy nearly everyone .
I loved the credit at the end of the movie as well .
The movie versions , however , were unlike this one in that they rarely delivered the goods .
The acting in the film is great too .
It 's up to you if you want to play along .
This is the real deal , in with the fire fighters with everything collapsing around them .
The camera techniques are varied and spot on from close ups to aerial work .
So , the best thing to do would be to leave the original alone , as quirky and charming as it is .
Cypher is counterespionage at it 's absolute best .
This is a very dark and gritty rape scene .
While at times the film is a bit preachy and the acting can be a bit broad , it is a great film for two reasons .
Nearly every shot is filled with visual symbols .
Easy to get into and hard to put down .
For a few chuckles and an outright laugh now and then , this is fine fare fantasy .
The reviewer who called this movie a bust has clearly missed the point .
Each thing has to be judged in it 's own time reference and for what it is trying to achieve on its own terms .
The bitter and hopeless end of the story is also very realistic .
This is true to the time it was set and the time it was made .
The third tale alone makes the film worthy of your time and this is a very solid horror film indeed .
They also brought in the standard cousin
The movie was actually a romantic drama based on three sisters who had desires to become a famous girl group .
Taupin must have written something truly good to have inspired at least one commendable effort .
They are well rounded and completely believable , strangely .
Not only does he defy all concepts of reality , he makes the funniest noise ever made in that situation .
Both the brothers were staying with their aunt and the parents were far away from them .
Sometimes one needs to think he has lost love to accept that he has not been fully invested in the relationship .
And that is because of some key visuals .
Probably our favorite character in the entire movie .
It 's stylishly made , with lots of tense action to keep one satisfied .
That 's not to say it is not a good movie , but it 's not a masterpiece .
If you like moody pictures about common folk , this one may be for you .
It 's an ending where , although unexpected and tragic , the movie 's overall effect is not harmed by it .
I liked this horror comedy more than most it seems .
But it is hard to watch , because there is no good end to a situation like the one presented .
The rest of the film depicts the father and son on a day trip to get dad 's thoughts off what has occurred .
It won raves then ... and disappeared .
Much more funny and entertaining than the original .
People who can take themselves with such a large grain of salt are all too rare in this world .
I was very impressed with this small , independently made picture .
The overall package makes for fun , funny , watchable yet violent entertainment .
This was quite a coup , and well ahead of its times .
The magic of the movie lies in its capacity to bring back many memories to how it felt like to be their age .
Apart from that , the movie was great .
There is so much of worth in this movie that it is hard to know where to begin with praise .
The next day , she wakes with a complete sense of freedom and happiness .
Was lucky enough to be an extra in this great film and loved every minute of the filming .
It is truly fascinating and frustrating .
The humour is consistently dry and witty .
He is ruthless , vile and beyond likable .
I find myself warming to her talents more and more lately and this one just furthers that thawing .
Roy may be heroic and brave , but he is far from perfect .
Frost then goes on a murdering rampage to find the small town sheriff that finally arrested him .
The whole family plays a part in the relationship here .
It appears washed out , with compromised contrast .
You ca not help but to understand his pride , to listen to his wisdom , and to ultimately feel his pain .
Two birds with one stone , you know .
The pace is breath taking at moments , and deeply philosophical at others .
Anyone who has gone through difficult times as a child or teenager will be able to relate to this movie .
Put season one on video and sell it .
His direction is strong and imaginative , and he makes fine use of light and shadow .
The production design is also a factor in what makes this movie special .
Some unexpected turns in the story are good for the suspense .
But as fart jokes go , these are especially good , and should satisfy even the most particular connoisseur .
A definite recommendation for those of you who like slapstick and rude humor .
I love the pace of the show and the fast upbeat music .
Ironic you may think , considering the squalor of their lives .
I found myself enjoying the programme more for the humour content than the horror .
But some of these jokes are classic .
Absolutely a classic in it 's own particular kind of way .
I will be sad to see this show end next year , but it will be going off the air as one of the best shows ever .
I want to thank all who were involved in this great entertainment film .
If you do not expect too much , this is an enjoyable movie .
How nice to have a movie the entire family can watch together .
I was really scared , a good thing .
Mere glances of these characters during the movie fills you with enthusiasm .
The acting is fairly good and the cinematography is great .
It proves that the dreams of an adolescent can truly come true .
The movie explores the absurdity of the situation .
The movie keeps you riveted and is a must see for anyone .
His wan , somewhat wilted good looks are perfect for this failed aesthete .
Man about the house is a true situation comedy in every sense of the word .
Sarafina was a fun movie , and some of the songs were really great .
As for extras the disc is positively overwhelmed by them .
As for extras the disc is positively overwhelmed by them .
Add to this the doses of surreal nightmare imagery and occasional gruesome gore and the films a winner .
It 's a film where everything is used to weave a dreamlike beauty .
It 's a profoundly strong , and mighty performance .
Through it all , the family carries on with bravery and dignity .
So it 's not the first one , nor can it live up to the first ones prize winning place .
It manages to be intrigiung , funny and frightening at various times .
It really has not been around long enough to be a classic , but mark my words , one day soon it will be .
Inside , he discovers a woman that is familiar to him and who we later find out is a murderess .
Potente is good as the terrorized female lead and the rest of the cast is fine .
If you can overlook that fact , it is actually a really good film .
All of the misery and cruelty is their , but non of the humour , irony , and savage lampoonery .
Despite the insane situation , this is a film with lots of humor .
I laughed a lot while watching this .
We also get to see the venoms fight each other in every combination .
It is a worthy successor to this brilliant series .
A story of ultimate greed that backfires is offset against a childs innocence and love .
All the games usually get pretty descent reviews and are classified as adventure games .
This is a man of brilliance , and his later movie
This movie helps set the record straight .
All the principals turn in solid performances .
In addition the digital photography is the best of the lot so far .
There is lots of humor , garish colors and no lulls .
Che 's capture and death are dealt with well .
The characters are real human beings with logic and reasons behind their actions .
She expresses these feelings amazingly well .
From the start it 's so well written .
This movie , in my opinion , is better than the first one , everything is so much deeper .
I really enjoyed the performances of the main cast .
I also liked how the characters come off realistically .
This is a gripping movie about grifters .
Atlantis looked intriguing from the first movie poster and trailer , and thankfully lived up to my expectations .
His musicals were always light and fun to watch and more comedy like than anything else really .
This movie is certainly not for everyone .
It 's rare to see a love story involving someone who is physically handicapped .
It does not tie everything up in a nice bow .
I have always enjoyed watching in just seeing him yell .
But it is the bond between the mayor and his deputy which is taken to task by the accidental shooting .
Anyhow , this is actually a very interesting movie .
It is beautifully conceived , shot and edited .
It s one of the most magical moments in film history as the trolley is inspected and taken out .
I find the best films are the ones where times seems to fly by .
The rest of the cast were very good as well .
He is totally believable in a truly villainous role .
The two actresses give natural performances and work well together .
That is the hallmark of a great film .
They tend to jump around , almost sounding ad libbed , with next to no instrumental backing .
One of the sisters is in a wheelchair .
All three sisters are played by starlets .
These are the people who really enjoy the film .
This is a good movie for all families .
Zooms also go back and forth sometimes .
An extremely fine and talented piece , wrapping a truly sad idea in a brilliantly satiric and elegant form .
Winters is so delightfully demented that it was impossible for me not to enjoy her performance .
I do not know about you , but this is seriously one of my favorite horror movie premises of all time .
The crime scenes are very brutal and haunting because of the lack of senses and reasons for what we witnessed .
The music is also worth mentioning .
I loved the exciting car chases and get aways .
But , once we got with the gist of the series , we were very quickly hooked .
A young girl and an older man discuss their future and her fear for a certain man ...
This film in eleven separate pieces accurately portrays this dismal and dumb posture .
Much of the good qualities from the first series are kept intact .
First an explanation on what makes a great movie for me .
This movie provides a refreshingly different look at barbarians .
The actors ' performances haunt your heart , the music drives your mind .
That helps in his avocation of detective and in fact it does in this film .
A great actor and a great role that should have been honored more than it was at the time .
Overall , an interesting curio and a film with some excellent moments , ... but that 's really about all .
The story can be related to our life today especially that poverty is at the threshold .
It is not so good on developing characters or situations smoothly , though .
But , building a house proves to be anything but simple .
It is a story of human guilt , atonement , love , and sacrifice .
It 's tension filled , suspensefully well paced and edited .
Each of those that return seem to be looking for something they lost , which makes it so realistic .
Pfeiffer is menacing as an evil witch bent on capturing the star for eternal youth and beauty .
It 's about not taking chances when you 're in a sexual relationship .
This show deserves a chance to catch on and be seen .
The movie is well written and the acting seems like real life .
Although if you are looking for a movie with an excellent picture this one is not it .
But overall , this film is about ' people ' .
To share the journey expenses they decide to find another couple and they put an ad .
I 've only ever seen this film once before , about ten years ago .
You will be greatly rewarded for the time invested in this film .
His work on this movie made it what it is .
Seeing is believing , so until you start watching you will never know .
Moonstruck is one of the best films ever .
You will most likely figure it out before you 're half way from the movie .
It 's a game of jack vs jill vs bob as each want to reap the rewards but share with no one .
The story begins in a town near a wall that separates the magical world from the human world .
It was realistic , tense , disturbing .
Not only that but the place was on a foggy swamp rumored to be haunted .
I was a bit dubious at first simply because comedy is so difficult to do well , as you know .
In the movie prince was not known as prince but as the kid .
Lots of great stunts and choreography .
Todd is withdrawn , uncommunicative and a loner .
Once the battles were over , we all had to deal with the aftermath of the carnage .
Alan has a new patient who is propositioning him .
The beginning with the gorgeous sunrise and music score , is breath taking .
Although this is taken to be a light family movie , it is actually more sophisticated than it seems .
It is educational , funny , interesting and tense .
Spade we 've come to know , and he takes this pleasantly humorous formula to the absolute top .
This movie is a pleasure for so many reasons .
It 's not the first time they 've worked together in lead roles , but the chemistry is so thick and intense .
Maybe you have seen better or whatever it is i personally love it .
She is not aware of that soon she will be very thirsty .
They do give another insight into the mind of one of my favorite directors .
He is a capable , charming , and brave man , but has his fatal flaws .
Very poetic , with heartwarming and funny and sad scenes , very lively , it was a pleasure to watch .
This one has a great a lesson on greed and power .
This show is without a doubt one of the greatest shows ever to be on television .
Raj tells her the situation and bribes her with money and she agrees .
This segment , which places the inspector amongst the events , is a nice way to wrap up a wonderful anthology .
It leaves you with a very fine aftertaste .
Morgan 's diversity of character is nothing short of amazing .
This is indeed a darkly comedic piece of genius .
The contractor who did not pay her earlier in the movie drives up , rolls down the window .
I think the title especially put me off .
And sometimes more than one person gets fired .
Cyhper is very consistent in its content and has all the elements of a good film .
Harry is on the investigation and finds the killings very similar , as he homes in on the killer 's trails .
Andrews is perfectly cast as the earnest cop , a good guy caught up in unfortunate circumstances .
The parrot thinks and talks like a human being and gives help and advice to his constant companion .
Great cast even though it was anywhere near ensemble .
She tells him that she will never marry him but he is in love with her .
It 's quirky , visually inventive , exhilarating and emotionally challenging storytelling .
Also , the sound throughout the film is very high quality , very precise , and very moody .
Losing her librarian clerk position makes her realize how much she misses it as a place in her life .
Othello , you will love this flick since half the movie revolves around the stage production of the play .
If you want a fun con movie , then here she is .
As for the adaptation of the story , it 's actually quite good .
Workers streaming from a factory , some cycling , most walking , moving right or left .
Tess packs a wallop and is not shy about fighting with anyone .
I laughed till my sides split and rolled around on the floor .
It brings us into that world with effortless irony and wit .
Just seeing this cast in these scenes makes it worth a look .
You 'd also have to have seen it for yourself if you want to know how and why that happened .
A frighteningly authentic portrayal of a mind gone mad .
They are attention seeking , salacious and hypocrite .
Although the movie was different from the book it was still very good .
Spread some joy and make the world a better place as long as you get out and commune with your fellow man .
Cypher is one of the best spy movies ever conceived and ever made .
They reveal their innermost weaknesses with unprotected , raw vulnerability .
It 's a really good movie for families .
It is not for young children due to violence and sexual innuendo .
This is without a doubt the greatest film ever made .
I was surprised at the resilience of the ghost 's image in my mind the next day , and the day after that .
It is a very fun movie to watch and nothing more .
Love the characters and the story line .
The script is very suspenseful , as well .
However this film stands unique against both .
The acting was also great , as well as the costumes , production , photography , directing and script .
Eventually got round to buying it for a fiver in a sale and boy what a film .
It is gruesome , but if you think about it , it 's a pretty good idea .
Also , few women have watched the movie but they rate it more highly than men .
Some might consider it corny but i consider it classic filmaking and acting at its best .
Director has definitely given it much thought and actors have done it to perfection .
I did not expect it to entertain and amuse as well , or as strongly , as it did .
No matter what , you know that he 's got your back .
The story is in effect a family tragedy with emotional and physical torment .
These are elite troops that know what they are doing and take great pride in it .
See how creative and stylish and deeply disturbed these guys are .
Something as simple as the statement
I have seen this movie a half dozen times or more , and never tire of seeing parts of it again .
The story unfolds in an intelligent and believable way as she goes through various trials on her quest .
Yet , it 's also a region most likely to survive anything like a destructive last wave .
Urmila gets full marks for her beautiful and deeply emotional portrayal of a suffering woman with no way to go .
At the center of the story is a very nice dichotomy .
That is finally up to you , but in my opinion , this is a very funny movie .
Although it has some action flick elements , it is much more an intimate play , excellently written .
You will either hate it or love it .
The musical interludes are strengths , believable and well done .
It s a wild concept , but like other things floating around it s what lifts this movie to another level .
Well , it is a romantic comedy , and maybe a little dated .
She has a strange beauty , bulky and ethereal at the same time .
I cried again .... in all the same places .
His objective is very simple and straightforward .
It even has a terrificly perfect music score and a great script .
It requires actual mental participation on the part of the viewer .
Delightful surprises await the two adventurers .
Stynwyck is fantastic as a doozie of a floozy who rises up in the world , perfectly portrayed by a bank building .
Superman was presented as believable , strong , and iconic .
If you get a chance to see this movie do so .
It 's never as easy and free of unseen complications as one envisions .
I thoroughly enjoyed this movie , but it is nothing new .
Also each series has an array of different ' small time characters ' as well as the main .
My grandmother still watches that one with the hour glass .
Dunst looks lovely and does a pretty good job .
Just do not go see this movie expecting to be surprised .
Lastly , this is the best action and comedy movie .
The true story of a bunch of junkies robbing a not so honest businessman of drugs , jewelry , guns , and money .
I would have liked to have seen the crew adjusting to life back on earth after their return .
As they all do in this gripping ensemble piece .
Not many films like this one have come up in recent history .
It was an excellent rendition of an ancient myth .
I absolutely love this game to death .
Lastly , the musical score is excellent .
The print on this version looked very clear and full of nice contrast though .
It allows us to escape back to a time when things were simpler and more fun .
Looks dated today , but still more than effective enough .
This movie deals with one of the most feared geriatric diseases among the aging today .
Unlike some comments , mine is positive .
I was however mistaken in the best possible way .
What the new films have done is allow fresh perspectives to be placed on the older films .
This movie blends comedy , action and great special effects .
Although a genius , he was also very disturbed in many ways .
It 's violent , bloody , overly so .. but it drives the point disturbingly home .
He returns to his cabin and makes a connection to a time clock .
Paul learns quickly and becomes an able worker .
This is quite possibly the most influential game of its time .
He 's got to be the most mischievous and lovable pup ever shown on the big screen .
Because we are familiar with stories , we want to put history in a story as well .
The diversity of the segments make this interesting to watch , but as a film , it can not be termed great .
Farrell was great in her role , and everyone else did a super job .
And then change the water into fire and explosions .
He 's the force , always , the parasite consuming everyone he touches and finally himself .
Interesting , entertaining and leaves the viewer wanting more .
Our family is blessed with a sense of humor that has gotten us through some very stressful times .
Even so , some of the episodes were great .
He questions the sense of his life , without obtaining any definite results .
It portrays some of the splendour of the age along with a lot of the squalor .
There are also some good moments of humor .
The river was cut by the world 's great flood and runs over rocks from the basement of time .
The river was cut by the world 's great flood and runs over rocks from the basement of time .
I have to watch it at least once a week .
The movie is more than good , but not extremely good .
This movies is the best movie to watch for comic book feel .
This is one of the best military films ever made .
It is so gratifying to see one great piece of art converted into another without distortion or contrivance .
He has a way of connecting references from routines early in the show to his later routines .
A documentary about two rocks bands , spanning a number of years .
Having said that , there is a brilliant zoom near the beginning of the movie .
Coming of age movies are quite usual these days .
Frankly , their stories differed little from real life folks who never get a chance like this .
The box is so cool and the music is very good .
Maria will do whatever it takes to be successful , but she will always be married .
This movie had lots of great actors and actresses in it and it addressed some very noble issues .
Sandra also makes her case for free love with eloquence and dignity and she comes off with a lot of class .
This is a film to be savoured and appreciated , rather than a cheap thrills action flick .
I saw this as a child and have never quite been able to get it out of my mind .
It shows that anyone can achieve their dreams , all they have to do is work for it .
But it 's an enjoyable spliff , to be sure .
I thought the movie was actually pretty good .
And the movie certainly retained that spirit .
It is hot in that department but it has even a lot more ....
Escapist maybe , but it was fantastic for a space nut like me .
Seeing these few episodes from the library makes me want to buy the set .
The movie is notable for its emotional impact and certainly not for any explicit action or special effects .
I thought that the movie was pretty good .
Again , we are surprised by a twist .
Needless to say , in the arms of nature , they get more than they bargained for and in hilarious fashion .
I expected a lot more of this film .
I only noticed this after my third viewing of this classic creature feature .
At this stage there is a deep sadness to this moving scene .
The movie is in many ways a typical gangster movie , but with a great drive and true grittiness .
When the latter learns it , he kills her in a fit of anger .
They say documentary presents information which is taught in middle school .
She soon realizes that the grass is not always greener on the other side .
Savage , really existing and helping people fight evil so he can write the story is almost true to life here .
There was a good story in each episode .
It 's shot in what appears to be quite a pretty village which adds to the atmosphere as well .
I think everyone should watch this .
So all in all , a good movie to watch .
A flicker of recognition crosses his face .
I 'm familiar enough with the true story to have a very deep appreciation for how real they kept the film .
There are a lot of great things to the film , for a start the acting .
It 's packed with so many original and unconventional ideas that you always find a new detail .
It shows us that real life and ficticious action can produce a winning combination .
The characters ' clarity and sincerity in such an improbable story may both fascinate and annoy audiences .
I recommend this movie to everybody and anybody .
This film really deserves more recognition than its getting .
Definitely with an understanding of the horror genre .
I really liked the animation , and all the fight scenes were awesome .
Or , for that matter , any atmosphere .
He loves his wife dearly , especially so since they lost their young son a few years earlier .
I truly understand this film , the meaning it has , the whole feeling of this horror masterpiece .
Anyway , the film tells a big and sophisticated story .
On top of that , he gives us a film imbued with humorous commentary on romantic relationships .
I also enjoy the grainy feel to this picture .
Her best scenes were when she was , er , stimulating herself .
The entire cast does an excellent job with the script .
It was tough to watch , quite frankly .
Full of action , humor , and fabulous dialog , it feels more like a movie .
He is a tortured soul , inspiring both horror and pity .
I thought the kids in the movie were great .
You would have to watch the movie yourself to enjoy it .
They become haunted no matter where they are .
Tom has a short role but a memorable one .
So she strikes up a friendship with a fox .
The colors sparkle and literally pop from the screen .
Third , the fight scenes and battles are well choreographed .
All actors had chemistry on screen and made this movie even more amazing .
People tend to miss the power of the film that contains the infamous buggery scene .
It transports you into another world .
This gives the movie a very relaxing feel to it .
This is a thriller , but it has plenty of laughs and always has one eye winking at the camera .
Just plug it in , suspend your disbelief and enter their world .
With some of the most lovely and scene enhancing costuming to be had .
However , i was pleasantly surprised .
I loved the fact that the actors were all really normal people , it could have been my family .
You can make a decision on what you think is better ...
I personally like to laugh , and love movies that make me to , be they comedies or horror flicks .
A truly lovely and original plot keeps you glued to your seat for the entire time .
God well and even chips in a few jokes that are surprisingly funny .
Characters often interact in a peculiar way , with no tact or manners or respect .
The chemistry is flawless as is the writing and directing .
The atmosphere for a movie of that time is good and the special effects are good for a film of the period .
Well , she certainly eradicated all doubts with her performance .
We can only hope to see more work from the both of them in the future .
It shows what can happen in anyone 's life .
From beginning to end you fall more and more in love with this character .
As for the plot , it is shown in uneven , rather complicated way .
And there is so much that was still , despite the infused melodrama , authentic .
If you do not know much about religion , you will miss a lot .
The direction holds up as the cast carries the story in lovely colour cinematography .
I read a book on the columbine massacre and it made me think , this movie makes me worry and scares me to death .
I was amused throughout and laughed out loud plenty of times .
Goldsworthy is a kind of man that is upon extinction .
This is a film that tells a story with no special effects or grand schemes or real twists .
If you look closely you will see everything usually makes sense .
In fact the surfers also scared of big waves .
Pink and gold are my favorite colors .
The plot had its fair share of twists and turns , wisecracks and tough talk .
The whole movie is dripping with atmosphere , and there is a good deal of tension throughout .
But this one does several things well .
This is really a very sad movie , very moving .
We know something terrible is always awaiting her , and that made things all the more tense .
The idea was definitely brilliant and the truth did not reveal itself till the very end .
She is sure to win awards for this heated portrayal .
In short a great movie if you are looking for something to laugh at .
Never mind that these men are all good loyal workers who have values and try the best for their family .
I would definitely give this film two thumbs up .
No doubt it will see limited release , and be hard to find .
When it 's necessary to shout he roars like a wounded lion .
This movie is a lot better than the asylums version mainly its war of the worlds .
There 's song , witty dialog , poignant moments , blending and comparison of new ways and tradition .
At the end of the film , you find out it was all a dream and none of it happened .
I read some of the comments posted about the show and see so many glowing remarks , similar to mine .
It 's a good thing he gave in and gave us such a delightful portrayal .
I was totally satisfied with the outcome and everything else .
The story itself bordered on the cliché , but the actresses kept my attention with their excellent performances .
The spooky sounding score was perfect for setting a dark mood .
It is very reminiscent of a western in many ways .
It 's fun to contemplate the possibility of such spiritual guidance .
The actors are likable and the performances are charming .
They strike up a friendship as she teaches him the many tricks she learned whilst living on the street .
I thought it would be easy to watch , and easy to forget .
Thankfully we have a happy denouement to this very special scene .
The smart , cocky , know it all he usually plays .
Although she has been in another movies she is most memorable in this one .
But it was a memoir of the great detective , written before his death .
Also , his relation with his brothers was not shown .
It is both beautiful and brutal country in which to settle .
She still has those smart but tricky answers .
Each character unfolds more and more each series .
It 's just hilarious when they go fishing .
Throughout the series we get to see the developing romance between
I learned this from people on the show .
I learned this from people on the show .
Just beautiful , full of human emotion , wit , humour , intelligence .
I do not know if she will continue to like them in the future but for now she 's attached .
One can easily identify and relate with the credible characters of both the father and the son .
This film is great as a bedtime movie for happy dreams instead of nightmares .
This little city in another city lives own life and things are going fine .
My only concern is that most of the audiences are not going to get the subtle humor in this show .
I should 've seen this film the day it was released .
The ultimate homage to a great film actress .
If you are a fan , then you will probably enjoy this .
It was at a time when heavy metal ruled the world .
There are a lot of great touches , like the cop who plays chess over the radio with a cop in another district .
The first two seasons were extraordinary .
And this made me look at the film with fresh eyes .
Over all , performances were good in the film , but not great .
Only in this western , a woman 's sister has been shot and she 's out for vengeance on the gang who did it .
Even though he is completely out of his gourd , the audience will still feel sympathy towards him .
I strongly recommend this movie to everyone .
I give this film two thumbs up , the best horror film made .
Nicky more than anything in the world .
See it for yourself and make your own decision .
The movies is great without a big try .
Along the way , stories were dramatized with actors portraying the original cast and crew .
The chemistry flowed well between the romantic characters .
Good movie anyway , definitely lives beyond it 's gimmick .
Watch it , and you will agree , as well as sleep a little less easy .
Creasey needs the work and accepts a job with a well to do family who seems to be in some financial difficulty .
Laputa was once inhabited , and is now abandoned .
The characters in this film live and breath much more than your average kung fu movie characters .
I 've heard many stories from my aunts and uncles who were kids growing up on the plantation .
Still a good film and more a testament to not be in a band than encouraging that as a career path .
So many of the actors in this picture had not yet reached their peak at the time we made this film .
He seems a warm and intriguing fellow , and she 's immediately taken with him .
The all star cast present their characters believably and with tenderness .
The pilot leaves an excellent impression upon the viewers .
I understand this film to be a debut feature and as such , it is very impressive .
Watch this movie if you ever get a chance .
But at the same time , it is a serious superhero flick , as well .
The acting across the board is fantastic .
Exciting , atmospheric , tough as nails .
Mala 's performance is moody , penetrating and powerful .
Do not recall the musical score , but the comments of the others now have me curious .
In fact , it makes us like him even more .
I would have loved to see each character develop over the years .
The movie gets exceptional marks for its lovely camera work and music .
Animals like say , a certain rabbit .
Mellisa is by far the smartest contestant and clearly deserves to win the whole game .
The story depicted a rural family dealing with an accidental death of a son by his brother , called
This show is excellent the kids will like this show , new words , songs , and watching them playing .
Drake is aware of this lapse , and it helps lead to his destruction .
I feel that the ending has occluded this film from higher acclaim .
For it is as a comedy that it shines , if it shines anywhere at all .
Get some mates and some beer and you will be in for a fun night .
The use of the clown mask sent shivers up my spine .
But it is the spider 's web of chancery that holds the whole thing together , and the cinematography is superb .
The patient was in on the con from the beginning .
But gives you the option to choose what you want and what you really need .
Calling this a romantic comedy is accurate but nowadays misleading .
This is one of the few movies released about a what if type of situation that made me think .
Remember , folks , this really happened .
This film is one of the more realist views on war and the army than most other films like this made .
His scheming was wonderful as was his toying with the audience .
As for the acting , the film had some excellent actors here .
This film is for real , despite being overlooked by many .
It 's just not that easy of a movie to watch , but it 's very effective .
In my case about half reached the pinnacle , though all the rest were in their own way very fine .
I do not always care the people he plays but he 's an excellent actor .
Karloff is excellent in the lead role moving from a happily married ambitious scientist to a raving maniac .
His angels down to help you with any troubles that you may have in life .
Do not let anybody 's opinion stop you from fulfilling your dreams and passion .
His halluzinations are the most terrifying in this movie .
Nevertheless , the denouement is great .
I watched this film recently and it holds up , being just as funny upon each viewing .
There is just something brilliant about his entire demeanor .
This movie should be shown obligatory in schools .
I never knew where this film was going , and now , having seen it , it still has multiple possibilities .
Polanski was also a master of the slowly unfolding horror film .
She makes the transformation from a loud prostitute to a sensitive woman easily and naturally .
Like a lot of academics , he sees his theory as the most important thing ever .
It 's great that this show still airs .
The creation of the world is another masterpiece .
I was searching for similar movies , in the come of age line .
The story is simple , yet solid enough and the effects are nothing short of phenomenal for the day .
I also think it is a movie for these fans whether they agree or not what is mentioned .
I always thought that she was not really funny but loved her acting .
Even if you 've seen everything , there 's still a few things in this film that will make your jaw drop .
However , if you can overlook this flaw , the setting is great .
This timeless proverb reverberates in this movie and in my heart .
I found him to be an excellent spokesperson for this documentary .
Well worth a watch , look forward to the following episodes .
He 's free now , but we still do not know the truth .
Alexander only got naked once , but she was a relatively minor character .
You only feel what happened with these boys .
The animation was awesome at that time , the plot makes sense , and it 's actually funny too .
It takes you to the best places in human experience and the next moment takes you to the gates of hell .
Indeed , good thrillers should get better on repeated viewings as we anticipate the double and triple crosses .
I absolutely loved the film though , and came out thinking ' wow ' .
It is a down to earth film with nice decent people trying to help each other in a very very simple way of living .
Sam is lovely , intelligent and very desirable .
Regardless , this is an epic and wonderfully animated film .
The film does not take us to his death but to an incident that may very well could have cost his life .
It will keep you completely off balance .
If you get the chance to see this , do not miss it .
The lighting and composition are spectacular at times .
The use of tinting in some of the scenes makes it seem like an old photograph come to life .
I liked this movie , , cute and funny .
Jazzy and thumping , it 's a great song .
The characters are very clearly drawn .
The chase scenes are excellent and yes it may be predictable but is nt that true of most films .
It 's so rare to find a film that provides a plot that ca not be figured out at every turn .
I remember the bugs and maggots the most , so realistic they were , eating her flesh .
Cypher is a film that has more in common with conspiracy thrillers and paranoia stories .
They always have a positive message along with fun entertainment .
Just like a clever con artist , this movie draws you into its web and lulls your vigilance .
They were tired of war , they were sick with fear for their loved ones , and worried about the future .
Simply one of the best thrillers of the year .
Alas , this type of character driven film is far too rare these days .
Although the movie is clearly dated , audiences can still easily identify with the plight of hapless
When her grandparents lose their lives to the brutal thugs .
I recommend this movie to everyone .
The sets were real enough , and the atmosphere believable .
But i need those real ones to come up with another new episode .
Do not expect an action orgy , but the film is truly entertaining for the ones who go with the flow of the film .
It 's engaging from start to finish and has not tarnished with age as is the case with the above two examples .
All i can say is , this movie totally reached my expectation if not exceeded it .
Without it , love will not last long .
Callahan , looking fragile sometimes and out of place , his demeanor still was unwavering .
It 's a role that men sometimes take on .
Grace moves through all the horrors around her without being able of an escape .
The rest of the cast has done a good job too .
It 's a movie to keep you interested forever .
This little planet and its winds and ways , and all the laws of mind and matter that restrain him .
Yes , it is fluff , but totally delightful and exceedingly entertaining fluff .
Finally a show for everyone to enjoy .
That is true in any mayoral office .
It is well written and acted and has good cinematography .
The soundtrack is fitting pretty well with the scenario and the action is all the time .
The trick to loving the film is being able to enjoy this playfulness .
She is fantastic as a wild young woman who is wise beyond her years .
I had my doubts , mainly because it is not quite as well known as other films from that year .
The film is reasonably easy to understand .
This is a solid movie , scary every time you see it .
Ditto for the scene in the second half wherein the now separated father son have a flippant conversation .
Indeed , this would still be a very nice film to watch , had the canoe trip gone smoothly .
Her world has hard edges and she is not a warm endearing woman at all .
The story of the termites and their interaction with their environment is amazing .
Anne 's work from a previous film and that 's how she got this part .
It is scenes like the car chases that makes this movie work in spite of several destructive faults .
I was surprised to find myself so engrossed in this operatically tragic tale .
It is always satisfying when a detective wraps up a case and the criminal is brought to book .
When she goes to the sister 's shop is simply amazing .
It was worth the price of ticket and that is all you can ask for .
The plot is simple but works on many levels , making it smarter than your average animated movie .
Yet populism invokes a belief of representative freedom as being only the assertion of the people 's will .
In the real world it 's the exact opposite .
This film is truely the essence of filmaking at its finest .
It could easily be argued that it is a fantasy or a drama as well .
Put quite simply , this film is terrifying .
It alone is worth the cost of a rental .
Liotta is just as good but has less of an emotional impact , but then he does later on .
He also plays a cameo as the conductor .
Five years later the gang returns to the now crumbling and abandoned high school for a reunion .
To watch it , like you would watch a dream .
I loved the writing and acting , especially from the guy that played the lead role .
The words and wit were just as sharp as the moves on the floor .
Do not miss this classic that is not scared to show football in the mud the way it should be played .
The multitude of side quests makes it different every time you play .
A deadly accident brings out the very best in everyone , nullifying any superiors ' orders .
It 's worth a see , but it lacks the necessary qualities to become a major classic , by any measure .
This has got to be a unique twists of two genres of ever seen .
Emma is a remarkable person , but she is flawed .
Yet , there is no difficulty following the progression , even while reading subtitles .
But with he great plot , there are great graphics .
Me is certainly one of the best films that came out this year .
The film is as visually beautiful as it is emotionally beautiful .
The characters take you to to so many whimsical places making you want more of each scene .
And it was a pleasant , unpredictable surprise .
Sad that it pays off a good deal of the time .
You 'd be surprised by how many faces you will recognize .
It 's the sort of film that those films spoof and send up only this is the real deal .
The bad guys always get caught , the good guys carry on .
This is a powerful , incredibly provocative film .
It was the first memorable movie we saw as a married couple .
You owe yourself to watch this cinematic masterpiece .
It also portrays the effect that killing has on the human psyche .
This is because you are so engrossed in the film .
Cheung plays a traveling tax collector who spends the night at a haunted temple .
After five years of waiting , we also find out the origin of our favorite operative with heart and feeling .
He begins to visit her home and for the first time in his life gets a sense of family .
This film is almost an anachronism in today 's politically correct atmosphere .
Once the kills begin , it is great .
Loren plays the scenes very good as well .
However on almost every other level this film is top notch .
The story line although requiring a few improvements was pretty well , especially in season
I 've bought certain films on disc even though the second rate presentation was not an option .
Eva leaves her husband 's house and lives with her father and tries to explain her situation .
But it 's the way he acts at the beginning that makes us truly scared .
It can make you laugh , it can make you cry .
About as opposite a part as you can get .
All references to marijuana were replaced with diamonds .
There is a shot lasting about one second of the bust hitting the wall .
This movie is quite adult in nature .
I showed the trailer to my friend online and she almost cried because it affected her so having lived with abuse .
Nevertheless , it 's worth a look for its handsome production values .
This film is , in short , a cinematic masterpiece .
The acting and cinematography are top notch , but it 's the direction that makes this film worth the view .
Chalk this one up in the win column , this was a superb movie .
Ladies have hankies handy , as you will be devastated at the end .
Costumes and buildings are very good .
I used to watch it at least once a week .
Only showing his negative sides , and exaggerating them .
Scary with some gore this is well worth a viewing .
This film is a must see for anyone with an open mind and a slightly twisted sense of humor .
This was a very entertaining flick .
Dominick is actually more able to live independently than he may seem at the beginning of the film .
The supporting cast is equally spectacular .
Recommended to movie fans who look for something a little different .
The film is shot beautifully , bathed in soft colors mostly .
Veoh.com is your last hope to get hold of episodes unavliable in the shops .
That caused the following action to feel too frenetic .
Very lovable and very intelligent too .
It was so sad to hear what happened to him in real life a year after this film was released .
His shocked and amused friends accept this unusual wager .
It would make an interesting double feature with the excellent earlier film .
What the world may have missed in their not considering this as an option .
It 's a very rewarding movie more so for being little seen .
I highly recomend this movie to anyone who wants a laugh .
It is a movie that makes you realize that everyone is alone in their suffering .
I wo not say this makes a whole lot of sense but it is pretty wild and weird and entertaining .
I tend to annoy everyone by singing it .
The themes are handled very effectively , with no easy morals drawn .
Despite the many attempts , the boys do not lose their determination .
Unlike today , these people were good actors and these films had a plot and character development .
Rather , rock and roll is the only thing they can trust .
The cast in this satire absolutely shines .
A little sappy , but the story is uplifting an fresh .
We are like the characters in my movie , ''on the edge of the edge '' .
It 's real and down to heart , but at the same time totally crazy .
We want to see something different , be thrilled and entertained .
What makes this go is a wonderful chemistry among the principal characters .
Round you will enjoy this nearly as much .
The film had nice rhythm , the editing crisp , leaving only what was necessary to tell the story .
First , many of the action sequences really are not that much fun .
Have not seen the film since first released , but it was memorable .
Animation are extremely smooth and realistic .
It has some pretty good special effects , and exciting action scenes .
The mix of pithy dialog and passionate excess makes this a delightful miniseries .
A couple of plot twists and an eerie finale makes for your moneys worth .
I liked the atmosphere and gore , certain bizarre situations and the way the movie is directed and edited .
They 're so tough even the bartender is shaking when he pours their whiskey .
The opening scenes especially were brilliantly shot .
The richness of the characters , the intricacies of the plot , the beautiful setting are all amazing .
Almost all of the segments are powerful , complete , and satisfying .
Rap today is concerned with the wrong things and get by with studio noise and little talent .
I ca not wait for the next disc to arrive at my house .
If you can find the show , check it out .
But even if you like nature films best , this is after all animal behaviour at the sharp edge .
The quiet joy of this film does not stale after repeated viewings .
Switch off the conscious control knob of the mind and job done .
He make us laugh together the most .
Story three stars one of my very favorites ...
The story is nothing short of excellent .
There are shocking scenes , true .. but that 's what makes it more realistic .
Not only is this film entertaining , with excellent comedic acting , but also interesting politically .
Such discovery strikes an innocent soul and it caused numerous events that changed his life forever .
Nevertheless , the point is this a fine start to a great show .
Not to be taken as a censure but she is flawless in both playing and ' looking ' her character .
I can certainly tell you that they are gory as well .
It is about how parents ' behavior stays with their offspring .
Best musical in my opinion of all time .
The movie is also very stylish and it has this overall creepy vibe to it .
If you do not like it , do not watch it , but if you do like it you will be very glad you took my advice .
Though similar , both films are on the same level of laughs provided .
This movie is also a comedy , albeit a dark one .
It 's pretty lifelike , yet you think
This makes us laugh because we can relate to their self caused predicaments and attempts at extrication .
The dialogue is fresh and honest ... and thankfully not filled to the brim with cutesy pop culture references .
After a while her appearance grows on you and from certain angles she can come to appear enthralling .
I think this is a very satisfying ending for several reasons .
However this does not deter the movie from being an enjoyable experience .
The familiar plot is elevated by neat thrilling sequences and terrific performances .
An emotionally moving and beautiful film .
It 's a chilling classic styled ghost movie .
Baldrick does not change from last season ...
There are some beautiful panoramic shots of waves with a magnificent soundtrack .
There are very good performances in it .
While they are never answered later on , they still present some interesting food for thought .
I actually like the original , and this film has its ups and downs .
So when the house explodes it s by accident .
The ninth season represented a new era for the programme .
To achieve this , one needs lots of effort and also lots of emotions from both parties ...
Buy it if you have a sense of humour .
You must give him credit for picking some really fantastic roles and never doing much more than one film a year .
It certainly inspired me to look more closely .
He showed at an early age , that he is capable of heartfelt drama .
It 's got comedy with laughs , and adventure with special effects .
Paul has become a reporter and is known as the fishing reporter .
Lost is one of a kind ... its so enchanting and full of suspense , thrill and emotions all at the same time .
Over all , it gently pulls some very nice strings .
Howard is a little too nervous throughout , but he does captures the hero 's sensitivity .
The bulk of the movie is a fantasy sequence of what the government would be like if it was run by a black man .
Every moving and charming sequence leaves behind a comprehensive sense of satisfaction .
If you have not seen this yet you definitely should give it a try .
The world they created had depth , and made sense .
I 'm certain the film 's print has seen better days , though .
Whenever people ask me to name the scariest movie
Also , some of my favorite characters have left .
We have the chance to learn how things got the way they were in the later series .
His trademark is a goal shot that curves across the pitch and into the net .
Washington , charismatic and intense as ever , plays
Her mastery of ambiguous facial expressions is extraordinary .
If , however , you enjoy films that illustrate complex characters and provide extraordinary acting , read on .
She gives a fine performance , proving she could be highly effective out of the swimming pool .
So she goes and rounds up her old cronies from her bank robbing days .
Great storyline , great photography , great quotations of other movies .
Truly unexpected and inventive climax tops all .
Due to the overall photographic style , large screen viewing is recommended .
I actually vividly remembered seeing the commercials and trailer for it years ago .
And in that sense it is exactly accurate .
But then , he always was intelligent , he just never flapped it around for easy praise .
Especially the opening moments are terrific .
The music is at times rousing , at times haunting , but always adding to the atmospheric ambiance .
The sets and costumes were magnificent .
Suspense in most , if not all episodes and mystery everywhere .
It 's a pretty old movie but it will always hold a place in my heart .
It 's cheesy and predictable but also makes you feel good about the world again .
The visual concepts of the flash back sequences are powerful and resonating .
It was great , drama , mystery , and more .
Pickford 's supporting cast was strong and believable .
Prince is no doubt a musical maestro , albeit very eccentric .
One of my favourite domestic movies .
This movie , while not completely historically accurate , was and is the best one of its genre .
It 's a good look at the overall absurdity of the business world .
Not one of my favorite voices , but she does well .
And the things they say are totally understandable .
For me , it places itself as one of my all time favorites .
It was a wonderful ensemble performance from all concerned .
Pegg plays a rather childish character much like his other movies .
I thought all the actors in the movie were outstanding .
Sniper uses a classic movie formula , which many dismiss immediately as flawing the movie .
The movie is predictable , but highly quotable .
Right , then , he 's absolutely brilliant .
You also encounter some friends on the way who have their own special element .
However , despite this unusual twist , the two still did excellent jobs .
The villains are appropriately menacing and frightening .
Kudos to those who managed to get it made .
The leads play the characters with depth , personality and sensitivity .
The photography and sets are realistic and natural .
The movie depicts this athlete 's life from a young age through full adulthood .
It is a powerful and memorable moment .
I have read both of his books and think that he is great .
This film is certainly more about style than story .
The advertising environment with all the creative under stress atmosphere helps to get well involved in the plot .
Reeve is serviceable and actually grows on you the more you see him act .
I cried , laughed and mostly sat in awe of this story .
All in all , it was rough around the edges , but a solid effort by a good cast and great supporting roles .
His family loyally supports him in whatever decision he makes .
But since it 's the only way to see this film , it 's worth swallowing that one minor bitter pill .
He manages to take them out while still looking for that one girl he needs .
This film approaches the psyche in a way never done before .
The basic plot is pretty familiar , but with a cast this exceptional , it works .
The cast is maybe as good as any ever put together in a comedy movie .
It would be nice to know who this pretty lady actually is ...
The flashback scenes really do serve a purpose and present several mature topics that may surprise the viewer .
Rarely in ensemble pieces are characters treated so well .
I totally disagree with the other reviews .
There are many stunningly beautiful shots in this documentary .
So do not expect this way to be realistic and true .
The romance aspect is there , although the movie seems much darker than its predecessor .
His grandmother is very cute and the scene where the little boy throws up had me laughing for the longest time .
Try and name a movie that depicts real life so vividly .
This documentary vividly reveals this disturbance .
The ending of the film leaves the viewer a bit perplexed .
Which makes perfect sense as one watches these home movies progress over the course of a couple of years .
The program has everything that the viewer needs to know about the war .
Well worth it for people who like inciteful movies about baser human character .
The movie contains a good enough story that it is actually believable that these type of people are out there .
I enjoyed the cool live combo and the swing tunes .
The set design in these shorts is rarely referenced , but here it is crucial .
Boyer give solid performances in this beautiful but empty film .
She insists that a dingo took her baby , but the story is highly suspicious .
The acting is exceptionally good , and the location filming and photography is at time breathtaking .
Hope it gets the distribution it deserves .
It could make you laugh out loud , touch your heart , make you fall in love , and enjoy your life .
This was a necessary episode for the series , even though it was a little snore inducing towards the conclusion .
Great acting , nuances in the performances that are truly gems .
Conrads choice of colors and contrast between light and dark settings is a work of art .
The mopey bartender gives them both the eye as they leave .
Ritter died during the series , and it put a damper on things .
If a flaw is to be found in the film , is that it is definitely a bit slow at first .
The effects , though always visible , are much more dynamic and cool and complement the action nicely .
Watching this film holds a fantastic reminder of the many pearls of wisdom we have garnered from it .
Well , they do not do it very well , that 's for sure .
Stardust creates its own mythology and its own world and it works .
Torv 's interpretation of her character is good .
It is an excellent piece of work narrated in a very intelligent form .
And it was the latter role that launched her among the greatest stars .
The film has a noirish atmosphere centered around a femme fatale .
If you have a strong stomach and like weird movies this is for you .
But to be honest it does not matter .
A class act but underrated and forgotten .
Power without grace , is demented and without feelings .
Do not miss this artistic noir film from one of the great film directors .
And the speech she made at the end ... beautiful .
I ca not wait to get the soundtrack .
It has a strong and rich story , and kept my interest .
It is erotic and funny at the same time .
Sid comes out of his cave yawning , and saw that his family abandoned him .
Her parents are entertaining enough .
I hope the plots will get deeper , and then special effects can take a backseat .
This great film shows the long journey it took to try to apprehend a killer .
I 'm going to give a simple review for the normal moviegoers out there .
After you catch up however the story is quite good .
You get to know the characters quickly and experience their ups and downs .
She also did good job editing the film .
A good film worth watching several times annually .
I ca not think of another movie that combines so many nice movie qualities like this one does .
Gilson is a natural killer who makes no distinction between animals or human beings .
I 've watched this movie a number of times , and found it to be very good .
There is also a surprise twist at the end which caught me off guard .
This film is a hilarious stereotype of the gangsta rap culture .
At the end of the movie i still do not know whether i liked it or not .
There were many verbal slashes and thrusts to accompany the brilliantly choreographed swordplay .
She just has to go outside and feel the freedom of the countryside and fresh air .
It 's an even rarer case when the critics will like it .
The first segment is a great kickoff to the film .
Her subtle , but powerfully effective , reactions .
Scott proves once again that he is one of finest actors of our time .
It 's not exactly the easiest film to find .
Despite a script that at times is unintentionally funny the film is highly entertaining .
It 's difficult to say , as it is difficult to describe what the beauty is ...
I love this movie , though few others seem to .
The story and characters develop at just the right pace to provide some fantastic scares .
It s a bit slow at first but keeps you entertained .
Both films suffer from technical gaffes that are overcome through amazing writing .
Both films suffer from technical gaffes that are overcome through amazing writing .
Great editing and use of the soundtrack .
Plus , this game has so much variety .
Their story is what we ever wanted and probably most of us never reached .
The film is awesome , see it , rent it , buy it or whatever ... just do not miss it
I stumbled across this show while home sick with a bad case of the flu one day , and was immediately hooked .
I suggest everyone watch this short .
Too often today kids are not willing to compromise .
Please continue taking chances and accept my heartfelt gratitude .
The reflections and moistness , despite the smooth exterior , shows the realism .
The very first shot might be startling .
The script was so real it was amazing .
Great to see rock docs still being made .
We can learn a lot from this movie and we should be proud on our great treasure on earth .
I think they may have played the dog a bit too much however , still a good film to see .
Cunningham is thought by many to be a sure winner with his speed and grace .
But it s a setup for a twisted scientific experiment to unleash his inner beast .
Boyle are the perfect pair to catch the unsuspecting man who has fallen into their web .
Their lives were basically surfing , living , breathing , and having fun .
And , a great deal of the elusive dialogue does not help matters .
It 's a great movie to watch if you have ever seen your favorite band get wrinkly , old and pathetic .
The actors sell it , although you can tell these guys are friends anyway .
This is the essence of lynchianism at its best .
Luke stays worried about killing his own dad , and says that he feels that his father still has kindness .
This movie is by far the best film adaptation of his works .
The balls are still held but not in the spirit we see here .
I just could not stop my tears , even though the film has a happy end .
He really got you into his charictor and made u feel the passion he was putting into his role .
Rideau , on the other hand , is great .
Nor is it a film about religion , nationality or even jihad for that matter .
Marty is in the hospital with severe burns .
Che without politics and the bias that inevitably engenders .
Braveheart is a film about a legend that is inspiring but hardly realistic .
The goal was for the brothers to collect the haul , and the parents to claim the insurance .
The linking story later sees him visiting the estate agent who sold the house .
Then you must see this film , to understand the reality .
Some of the scenes take your breath away , while others seem to force tears into your eyes .
The film is a character study on how this family deals with its subject .
It has no real story just characters , a bunch of gangster characters who come together in a perfect harmony .
This is one of the greatest movies ever maybe even the greatest movie ever .
I was on the floor laughing my butt off this movie is so great .
She has given a great performance of a woman who sympathises with her patient and finally falls in love with him .
What makes this film completely great is you have all these really interesting stories and plots building ...
The music really fit the movie perfectly .
It is subtle and realistic , leaving the audience horrified and asking questions .
Right now , it 's probably the correct way .
And if you do not get it , do the rest of us a favor and be quiet about it so we can all enjoy the hilarity ...
With respect to the movie , it makes for a lot of comedy .
If you want to know how what made it so funny , you 'd have to have seen it for yourself .
There are many fast cuts and traveling shots , mostly done with great skill and verve .
I disagree strongly with anyone who might dismiss this film as just entertainment .
I admit being quite partial to these bleak futuristic tales , a rather undemanding specialty .
It 's not everyday that a show comes along which combines intelligence , humour , action and suspense .
The story is compelling , concise , and simply amazing .
It leaves you thinking about the lives involved .
Both actors were very good in their parts .
But overall , an unexpected treasure of a film .
It 's a truly great , understated performance , her transformation from victim to aggressor is seamlessly played .
Joey is good natured and is always in a good mood .
It 's almost a miracle he gets the job .
She makes the characters come alive .
I remember having nightmares after seeing it .
Falk take you on a journey that you will not forget .
I 've just seen it again on tape , almost twenty years after ...
I always learn something from the shows .
The story is about a young boy who meets a girl with a history that is intertwined with his own .
I was also impressed with the quality of the cinematography and the soundtrack of the movie .
The story is intriguing and thought provoking , and the acting is first rate from all the principals .
Once they have his stuff ... they will sit around and get high again .
Me is one of the best major studio films to be released this year .
It had a well written screenplay and flawless editing .
It may drag slightly with his dancing dream sequence , i.e .
It is a story of romance , drama , action , and plenty of funny lines to keep you tuned in .
The movie deserves a higher rating .
Ben is portrayed as a successful and noble man of great integrity .
It is , at times , a downright great courtroom drama .
You will become entangled in the story , and you will genuinely feel for the characters in every minute of it .
I would highly recommend this film to anyone in business or who just wants a laugh , because yes it is funny .
Good western with many favorite old faces in the lineup .
So if we tell about our lives this is always in the form of narration .
I also thought the special effects were good .
The action was mesmerizing , and cleverly set up .
Overall it was a pretty good movie .
But acting in a movie this dazzling is bound to take a back seat to the photographic fireworks on display here .
Still it 's worth watching for some eye popping animation .
This film is a complex , suspenseful , rewarding experience .
If you liked liar liar you will love this movie .
It 's magic what he does with the piano .
This is a great movie to see with your girlfriend .
When all six episodes get to be viewed together , this saga could well be the best ever made .
But the great thing about this film is it was quite prophetic .
It also boasts a fine ensemble cast that deliver top rate performances for their director .
Often it 's those of us with smaller issues who suffer the longest .
The singing is fabulous and the selection of arias is fun .
Ohana is beautiful and a joy to behold .
Yes , some of it is dated , but most plays , film , television , and now videos are .
This makes it not only almost unique but extremely rewarding to watch .
The two are equally great as their criminal stubbornness becomes their ultimate deathtrap .
In fun ways the curtain is pulled back , the masks slip off a little and truths are exposed .
This show was groundbreaking to show despair in drugs , gangs , and alcoholism .
This is probably the best of the three segments .
Both have a rather large number of somewhat cheesy accents and wonderful character actors .
I felt it was almost as entertaining as the film it was made for .
I felt it was almost as entertaining as the film it was made for .
Acting is magnificent from both actors , direction was great , the story unusual .
Her voluptuous figure and winning personality soon draws the youth of the town .
As far as supernatural fare goes , this movie is still enjoyable .
It does not matter if it 's dirty or shocking when he takes pictures .
This film showed the injustices and suffering of both sides .
Despite being quite old now , in video game years .
So , good , delinquent fun all round .
This might just be the best of the stories , as the nice twist ending makes the story come alive .
This movie is like a hidden gem , a prototype for the whole matrix tide and era .
The rape scene is a little long and hard to take , but it is necessary for the rest of the movie that follows .
Loved it but still have nightmares over the hotel manager .
The characters , especially the young actors , were completely believable also .
The human heart is the film 's enigma .
I rather think that the truth is more evident in the absences and in the negative space .
Salva shows he is a natural for the reality show .
I have seen the english version and it is done very well .
There is also an espionage feeling to the film that aids the detective side of the story .
In fact , he finds the youth he was seeking in his daughters .
The laughs will come nonstop and the memories last forever .
Great acting , great plot , great dialogue , great suspense .
It all adds up in the end as experience , experience of multiple layers of life .
But will this newfound relationship last past sunrise .
It 's one of the funniest sex scenes ever .
Check this one out and form your own opinion on it .
I have to recommend this movie to everyone who has not seen it .
It is also kind of a sad movie as well but a well done horror movie .
Anyway , watch this film if you get the chance .
Indeed , it plays on timeless , cultureless themes of the paranormal and romance .
The young man dashes to the shed to find her and he is impaled with a board and nail .
The characters are also extremely well developed .
The movie is about a lot of things .
You get to see all the flubs , mistakes and details that were not apparent the first time around .
She befriends him and their relationship becomes stronger as the dreams become darker and scarier .
And it is quite scary , but all in good , ghoulish fun .
We go to the cinema every day and allow ourselves to believe what 's happening on the screen is real .
More people should watch this important and very fine film .
Ironically , such technical wizardry makes you forget that this is actually a very very nice movie .
Downbeat but one of the great chambara films .
The main scene in the film , the party , is very well shot .
This touch gives her even more believability out necessity .
They are almost polar opposites , but together , the contrasts highlight each other and make a wonderful dessert .
I realize that alot of people hate this movie , but i must admit that it is one of my favorites .
I just have to say , this is one of my favorite movies of all time .
Tess must face numerous physical and emotional challenges .
But , it was an unusual time and people did extraordinary things .
The art is beautiful , the songs are .. well , okay , and the voice acting is better than some things today .
Another great plus is the fantastic character and mecha design of the series .
Anyways , if you hav nt seen it , it is a must buy .
This movie truly emphasizes that and shows that the natural good in people can overcome petty differences .
This one was definetely fresh and witty .
There are times when she is almost luminescent and both women show the beauty that once was there .
The dialog between them is touching .
A great film , not to be overlooked based on public consumption .
When the other sniper hits , it 's wits vs. wits , cat vs. mouse , gunman vs. gunman .
He was and remains a unique force in film .
These people must be full grown adults .
Every other performer in the film deserves his or her kudos .
Elise also starred in this movie and it is always a pleasure to see her on the big screen .
Meanwhile the starring is going on the vengeance .
All the actors represented their parts well .
In the process of gaining everything , he loses the one person who truly loved him .
In some scenes the strain definitely shows in her face .
The ending is amazing and is probalby one of the coolest scenes ever .
Some nice looking ' furniture ' once you figure out what that means .
This movie is underrated and , sadly , overlooked .
If this world sounds similar to yours then you will enjoy it so much more .
All in all a good movie with very good actors .
The only purpose this movie has is to make the viewer laugh several times .
We all know how it ends , but the journey is looking to be quite a ride .
Overall the film was very effective .
It had everything that makes a movie great .. except for real actors .
I think she 's pretty underrated as a serious talent .
I approached this film with low expectations but was very pleasantly surprised .
Her life is also in danger as these dreams mirror her own state of health .
Grace is recently widowed and realizes her late husband left her with a lot of debts .
And any actor that makes me forget who they are has done their job well .
About ten years later he applies for a small part in a film about the revolution .
Not original , but still creepy and fun ....
First , she must surround herself with the right advisers to govern wisely .
I loved the characters , the plot and how things turned out in the end for the villains .
The plot is sufficiently interesting , and moves along well enough .
Talk to your loved ones , listen to and record their stories , tell people you love them , resolve differences .
In return she must help him with a heist that requires her lip reading skills to pull it off .
Because his characters are loved and ask to be loved .
It would have been great to see their relationship flourish .
But when the movie reached the scene of the elevator , the movie went completely on a different path .
It 's also nice not to have a wise cracking , headstrong love interest .
They were all just as excellent as the fellas .
Everything is necessary and sufficient .
There 's lots of tension while they are dealing with impatient people awaiting the dentist 's arrival .
I have seen it many , many times since .
When wife is having affair with best friend , it does not stop your house from catching fire
Davies lands a job in slapstick comedy , not what she wants , but it brings her success .
It had a lot of exploding action that will blow you out of your seat .
Well , of course not the first but the raciest at that time .
It has a intriguing performance in a movie with a great content , dramatic feeling .
I 'm sure glad that war did not turn out as it did in the movie .
I enjoyed the scenes in the class immensely , and the drama that took place outside was very poignant .
If you are a fan of the opera , this film will strongly entertain you .
The revolution to the mystery is a delightfully sneaky twist .
It is about things everybody encounters in life .
Emy will remain a virgin until she is married , to a man she has never met .
This is straight for the young ones , and the crew knew what they were doing .
She was the only one who loved him .
Well the financial guys finally gave in and signed the checks .
His great vision and creativity really helped this film .
Nighy is perfect in his role as the band 's frontman .
Realistic human performances from all the actors .
Yes , the symbolism is clumsy at times .
Now the love is twisted up with all sorts of nostalgia it evokes and , oh well . . .
The movie constantly plays with time .
Burton knows now that he must discover the truth for himself and enters the tribal underground caves .
The depiction of the changes in the way of thinking , behaving once you get engaged is excellent .
The dramatic , electrified atmosphere , the unique footage will allow you to experience a true historic moment .
Denzel 's movies are all full of lessons for people of walks of life .
It has big name stars who perform very well , but it is the director who makes this such a good movie .
There were a few times that even my hardened heart nearly broke .
Favorite scenes , the performance when the lights went out , and the love scene on the train .
It drew you in slowly , reeling you toward a tragically human fate .
Evening is the beautiful story of the flawed love of a mother .
One of the most frightening game experiences ever that will make you keep the lights on next to your bed .
But the adulation it has received over the years goes a bit over the top in my opinion .
Dutch films are different but still enjoyable .
The movie must have done something right to get her so interested .
And while they are a nice touch , they serve very little purpose .
And the supporting performances are universally fantastic .
Welles is a film icon and anyone studying film should see everything he has filmed .
The movie is unflinching in its portrayal of that world , showcasing a lot of unpleasantness .
So please take time out to watch this classic western .
It has style , substance , a great cast , and terrific production values .
It s just a charming story that s so easy to get into .
The film is a masterpiece of composition .
Recommended , particularly if you like good animation .
At the same time , she must have been rattled when her dreams finally seem about to come true .
It is a fantastic and insightful film .
But , it also had a message of knowing yourself and taking responsibility for yourself .
You find yourself relaxing , and seeing others in a more benevolent light ...
So remember that when you all talk about how the world was not explored enough .
Some sections are a little tough here and there but overall you can beat this game .
Together , they make a pair of sensitive emotional oscillators vibrating in resonance with one another .
Her performance is very believable .
The scenes , the atmosphere , the actors , the story ... everything is good .
This film is very heavy in plot , which keeps the film moving .
It 's wacky , funny , violent , surreal , played out in a madman 's head , and definitely not your usual comedy .
Moving pictures begin to flicker on the screen .
After watching the movie it instantly became one of my favorites .
It 's quite aggravating when the kills look nice and juicy afterward .
This movie focuses on the fear of the unknown .
Urmila has given yet another brilliant performance .
The dialog is quick , fresh , and witty .
I would like to say that the soundtrack is astounding .
It believes in the great gift of peace , which comes from the cessation of war .
Its exceptionally well made yet forces the viewer to think .
Tomei plays a convincing reporter , and manages to pull it off .
Rosy ai not no undergraduate no more .
In a way , the ending seems inevitable despite this , but if you think about it , it is a perfect ending .
It is , actually , but , to me , that just made the whole endeavor more fantastic and beautiful .
While on a journey , his motorbike runs out of fuel , and he is forced to rent a room at a brothel .
Every song is excellent , though they do incline towards schmaltz .
Worth a look for those seeking something different .
You see great flash backs , impressive acting .
Of course the movie is quite different in its approach and style from other genre movies , produced in the west .
It 's almost like seeing family again .
It has great cinematography that pulls you into the story .
Hamilton is best known for his nudes , but they are just a part of his work .
Funny and visually quite entertaining ending .
She goes with him and it 's love at first sight .
After the game hits the streets , it soon becomes a huge success .
I was actually surprised at how good it was .
The regeneration scene at the end is beautifully played .
Stretch out on the couch , relax and enjoy .
They work together so well that every father and son should see this .
A good sense of suspense and well timed surprises .
The movie has fantastic montage sequences that dazzled me .
To put him out of his misery and get him laid .
And like all good love stories love does win out .
But that 's where most of the comparisons end .
Sayonara will make you laugh and cry .
The results make a fresh , somewhat original movie .
Suddenly the perfect opportunity to see it came .
You have to see it two or three times to get it all in .
What surprised me about the film was how real it felt .
Makes us ask questions of ourselves .
She becomes crazier and crazier and is sent to a mental hospital .
It seems that the time for vengeance has finally arrived .
Since was only a toddler when this show originally aired
Even though this was a pure accident , it still happened .
This gem of a first season episode set the holodeck for many interesting and unusual adventures to be had there
Stack is almost just as good , amping up the melodrama , while still maintaining subtly and quiet desperation .
Watched it many times since , and my opinion has mellowed a bit .
It is like a staircase of increasing violence with well paced pauses of peace and serenity between each step .
But movies about history or religion are always criticised by their accuracy .
This movie is for younger children , but it is also a great movie for people my age .
At the end of this movie you will have a strong passion and profundity imbued into yourselves .
It also made me laugh at times too .
The cook is a great character , with his obsession for hooch .
All the details , great colors , every ant looks different , beautiful backgrounds ...
In the end though , they find out the truth .
Alvin is , by this time in his life , a man of great experience but modest means .
I bought his first book several years ago and my family has marveled at it many times .
It 's funny , it 's quirky , it 's a delightful sendup of every bad superhero cliche known to man .
Shadow is the older and wiser dog who senses things .
And how you can be such a busybody and talk about ppl , when ur own life is not sorted out .
Adams are in the film and they performed quite well .
Wing is a series that mainly focuses on politics and war .
Because the film is not and easy one to watch .
The major difference between the two films in my opinion is the timing of their release .
The only way that these films are similar is the use of chess and the characters being treated as pieces .
It 's a courageous and thought provoking enterprise .
The bad guy in particular needs her in the beginning of the flight .
Especially memorable is the jewelry that one boxer gives the girl just before she marries the other boxer .
However , this is only a minor , minor point of argument in an overall very successful and gorgeous film .
I would definitely recommend this film .
I 've seen in a while , akshay and john kick ass as always , and the chicks are hot too .
Paulie had gotten separated from her by her parents because they thought it would be best for her .
Story is the movie is a bit common , but it is good , good enough to make the movie a blockbuster .
If you are sentimental sort like myself , you will be well rewarded by seeing this picture .
There are some wonderful performances in some small roles , there ai not a sour note in the cast .
Plus , i think most people would enjoy this watching it .
Sometimes he pushes the line at his job and beats on the sex offenders .
There was also that nice buildup to the famous ' pen ' scene .
The acting in this movie is absolutely incredible .
Even the peripheral roles are well written and well acted .
Emmerson is a private investigator with his own unique quirks like his love of knitting .
She gives a tremendous performance .
Young is restless in getting caught up all type of shenanigans to alienate all around him , hence movie title .
Do not miss this great action film .
That and most of the murders are nearly bloodless .
She adds appropriate body language for comic effect .
It is the forbidden or the restricted that is attractive .
Now , let 's go to the negative points .
Samantha likes him from the start and welcomes him as her new cohabitant .
True , it 's escapism , but the perceptive kind .
It is produced in such an exquisite manner and the actors portray their roles excellently .
It 's a really good and funny film , so do not miss it .
We need that time again , now more than ever .
Using only primary colors , the experience is quite different from anything we have seen before .
It is drama and melodrama spiced with his own creatively psychotic imagination .
So lets remember that sometimes , movies are for fun .
So , if you have not seen it , catch it next time around .
But certainly watch out for the dummy scene .
Overall , this is a pretty good movie .
It was great fun to watch a city , as it was , because it does not exist any more .
Overall , it 's an amazingly well made film .
It lays out how the characters bond in future episodes .
When she arrives at the studio , she discovers that everything about the movies is fake .
The music , camera shots , and acting are excellent .
All in all , this is a classic comedy which still stands above the attempts to remake it .
He was also a compulsive womanizer and in that was a lot like the man portraying him .
The movie kept me on the edge of my seat all night .
Mukhsin is a beautiful movie about a first love story .
Spirit is another example of great animated fare .
The one episode for each year idea is wonderful , in my opinion .
But in addition to a historical document , this film works on a visceral level as well .
This movie is a great way for the series to finally end .
This is a wonderful , unsung romance .
There is a fantastic scene in which a cobra fights a monitor lizard while a colony of mongooses watch .
The atmosphere , the music , the characters , their lines , the plot are all nice and endearing .
It was definitely worth the price of admission .
It will give you the thrills and scares you need to be satisfied .
One of my all time favourite films , ever .
Here are some of the most important stories from the film that makes this film so unique .
First things first , this movie is achingly beautiful .
I finally saw it when it got released on video , and understand the glowing reviews .
This movie is creepy , and is very well done .
The movie is intelligent in the way relationships and issues are explored .
The local buffalo herd was being culled so the shooting scenes were for real .
I believe all great movies eventually rise to the top .
If not , knowing that you are still kicking it out and will continue to do so , is enough for me .
I suspect it just dates too much now to be well liked .
Barbara 's great as the homespun vixen who develops her own agenda .
If you have not , you 've missed a real classic , but not really .
We know that everything we see is true because he is the narrator .
Most people who have seen this movie thinks that it is the best movie ever made .
They protect government troops , not his own .
Its about people and how they deal with tragedy .
Wish they still made films like this .
Luckily , not everyone changes with the times .
This was one of the most important movies in history .
It 's hard to portray a woman 's heart , her desire , her fear , especially in a short .
One of the few best films of all time .
I thoroughly enjoyed this and can only hope for more of this quality from the same director and production team .
The physical comedy can also be overdone .
If you sit close to the screen , you will see the detail in the grass and surface structures .
Something so interesting and something you will always remember .
Still a sturdy thriller which builds to an exciting and edifying conclusion .
Have an open mind and you will enjoy it .
The greatest positives of this series are it 's characters .
The wildlife footage is still fascinating .
Yet , it occurs that these people may easily be misled .
The supporting cast of the movie is surprising good .
I was surprised by how many people are thrashing it though .
This is one for the more intelligent action fans .
It moves along at a fair pace although it 's not exactly an action packed film by any means .
And twenty years before the first world war he had published
So just sit back and watch a cool film with great big robots in it .
It builds masterfully to its climax and pulls punches all the while .
I would recommend that this film be shown in all schools , as you will never see a better on this subject .
I about wet myself at how geniusly hilarious it was .
This brings an applicant for approval that reminds us that we should be careful with our wishes .
And the acting is not the greatest .
It 's even more enjoyable if you pop open a few beers , and watch it with some like minded friends .
The lyrics , the words , every gesture , the sunrise , told it all .
The tight editing really helps to show off what a short film can do .
It is brutal , but gentle and makes you laugh to dead .
So , to conclude ... watch it with an open mind and you may enjoy it .
Almighty is a bit more mainstream , but you have been warned .
It is one of those movies that you can watch time and time again and still find engaging .
She will be my girl cleverly showing the tension between the two brothers
These were distinguished actors that could have made an amazing contribution .
It is sink or swim and climb or die .
This is an extraordinary film about an extraordinary man in an extraordinary situation .
It is about good and evil and about how hard it is sometimes to tell one from the other .
Pages could be written on its influence on horror films even today .
Stewart is the right man to play the lead .
Supporting players are excellently cast and lend a real sense of authenticity .
I think at the age we were we found it shocking and quiet rightly outraged in our own youthful way .
The score is a perfect mixture of modern and traditional instruments .
Noir is often considered a psychological genre , visualising the traumas of its protagonist 's head .
The scenery is worth seeing alone and actually helps relieve tension .
Anyway , you knew the peace was not going to last .
He is an inspector who , having been married three times , is perfectly acknowledged of women 's psyche .
So little is known about both of them and this movie describes them uniquely .
It was a very interesting , unique , different and funny story .
I 'm a big fan of sports movies , and this was right up there as one of my favorites .
I watch movies for a living , picking out which ones are good enough to distribute ...
The story jumps back and forth quite a bit and is not easy to follow .
She is not only gorgeous but hilarious in this film .
This really is a spine tingly movie and it is guaranteed to have you at the edge of your seat throughout .
With the tremendous cast , though , one expects stellar acting , but in this movie the expectations are exceeded .
May responds by transforming herself in front of our eyes .
This is a good looking globe trotting serial that is a great deal of fun .
Sure there are scenes of them surfing , but what makes this movie so special is the people .
Her beauty was erased and she had no great costumes either .
I think the developers did a good job .
While on the run , he meets a beautiful girl and falls in love so things get even more complicated for him .
I thought it was a cool little movie .
Perry will comment on a picture of her and the house later on .
Sometimes love is not enough to keep our loved ones from hurting themselves .
Also , this comment will be much more meaningful to you after you have seen the movie .
It 's as close as you can get to that day , witnessing the event up close , from safety .
I specially like it when she sings a duet .
The first tale is about a writer and his wife moving in .
Marylee 's wish for the innocence and simplicity of youth .
Finally a thriller which omits the car chases , explosions and other eye catching effects .
Call it what you will this is a fanatical ride .
The roles each character played were done with excellence .
It was decent and entertaining , while still being pretty funny .
I encourage as many people to watch this masterpiece as much and as soon as possible .
I thought it was good and quite interesting in spots .
A message movie , but a rather good one .
It 's wittier , wackier , and an offbeat , enjoyable gem .
Charlie is clearly the most interesting figure .
It tells you how people who would like to do good are not able to .
This movie is worth the rental or worth buying .
This was a great movie even thought people underestimated it lol .
Sometimes these are the best kind of dates .
The filmmakers dramatized their theme with wit and startling energy , and the message is still a valid one .
The aftermath , in which firefighters are discovered to be lost and found , is human drama at its peak .
This is a film where every shot is an expertly crafted painting .
We know the original owner sold it .
They only achieve true life in the natural world , even though that is the next victim of modern existence .
It told a story and in doing so made you think .
All of that is mainly due to the great story , the good directing and the good acting performances of the actors .
God being petty and jealous added wonderfully to the joke .
The humor was also very good and it did not hurt the story as i thought it would probably do .
He is given the option of jail , or he can go to a character building camp .
This was a marvelously funny comedy with a great cast .
A set of talented actors helps him portrait a wide variety of characters .
Excellent movie , albeit slightly predictable .
This is one film were both cuts should be made available .
The combination of the two is magic .
All in all an excellent film if you are a fan of unnecessary comedy .
If you ever run across the film watch it for a quirky laugh or two .
All of , which for me , makes it a good thing .
The artists and animated did a great job .
This best segment maintains a very creepy atmosphere and a genuinely scary plot .
Ritter is a busy body selling information to almost everybody .
I also enjoyed the projection of people on a back screen .
I love the characters and their ideas and thoughts .
Branagh 's casting once again is inspired and the acting is likewise .
Some of the action scenes were very interesting , tense and well done .
This one is a classic , do not miss it ....
It s more about the intrigue of the story and the characters that are involved .
Many of the films he speaks of are easy to relate to his works , particularly the earlier ones , the silent era .
Just a thought , because there is something essential that connects both films .
Have not heard from the people involved since , which is a surprise .
Titanic makes for a great date movie which is sure to make some girls cry almost every time they watch it .
This is a must have for metal fans .
Regardless of outcome , you still may find yourself second guessing the actions of the the film 's protagonist .
An analogy so clear that the government felt the need to ban the movie .
It kept you entertained the whole time you watched it .
It explores relationships at a fundamental level and is also a great tutorial on how to relate to your partner .
A man seeking oil brings a drilling crew to the plateau .
What 's important is our message and what we stand for .
They are perfect illustrations of the type of entertainment only made possible by the movie camera .
My favourite part in the movie is the end where it all comes to a big conclusion and he find out the truth .
Perhaps overcome our fears , limitations and obstacles .
This is a classic waiting to be discovered .
In addition it is a realistic portrait of medieval society .
Nowadays , some more people got involved and make a deeper research of the character .
The first episode 's humor is not the best , and they struggle to properly start the series .
Not all the actors are equally good , but most do fine .
Overall , definitely worth a dekho .
I recommend it to anyone , even when you do not like boxing , you get to see a lot more than only boxing .
They both give strong performances .
The fantastic twist , disclosing a secret , and the tragic conclusion are really excellent .
Learn to appreciate this or get out .
It really is an excellent documentary and a remarkable piece of work by a couple of novice filmmakers .
That was a wonderful show in it 's own right , however it never really gave the fans more of what they wanted .
His wild eyed killing of not only buffalo but human beings , is stunning to watch .
The movie had its moments , but also lagged and was rather sick .
But of course everyone 's opinion is different .
The music goes perfectly with the style of the show and give it the proper atmosphere .
This film was enjoyable but for the wrong reasons .
This woman was lonely since the death of her husband .
Both films have a lot of smiles through the tears .
Cheadle is brilliant in that he is funny , jolting , smart , and stupid the way so many normal people are .
The sound effects are pure and classic and fit explosions , guns firing and everything else well .
But it was still a compelling story .
It 's heartfelt because it 's so straight , so real .
To be deterred , you must believe it 's possible you will be caught .
This movie is awesome on so many levels ... and none of them are the level that it was intended to be awesome on .
It was worth the wait and then some .
Good writing job for an action flick , and the plot was appropriate and fairly solid .
I will definitely be the president of your fan club .
Anyhow , she 's a very brief and distant person who seems to despise society .
He learns too late how empty his hustling , materialistic life was without love .
One of the most unheralded great works of animation .
You see magnificent views in every city they go .
This action eventually leads to his capture , and several more things .
The movie is filled with fun songs and music .
I really love this show , it 's like reading a book and each chapter leaves you wanting more .
The movie perfectly catches a particular time and place with pinpoint accuracy .
Everything you 've come to expect from this series .
The actors and actresses are fantastic .
In general , however , this is a solid , spooky little movie .
Overall it 's an entertaining western flick .
Stewart does , of course , since he won it .
This is by far my favorite film of all time .
Also impressing was the soundtrack for this movie .
Some spooky moments and the twist at the end was good .
It 's filmed with flawless fluidity , boasting fine performances all round .
This does not seem futuristic at all today , which is a bit alarming .
It all creates a very vivid picture of a life that 's long gone .
And while these mysteries are explained in the course of the story , their unfolding seems somewhat contrived .
There is a mix of humor and emotion throughout the film .
I hope to see her in another film soon .
Its well made and entertaining , but it s not as interesting as it should have been .
You will experience every human emotion while watching this film .
Atlantis is a watchable , exiting and very enjoyable film .
Here she is a natural woman and she does a really great job .
I thought was excellent it was suppose to be about romance with a little suspense in between .
There are subtle manerisms that perfected her character .
A solid story for an old black and white film which needs little fanfare for anyone looking to enjoy a classic .
In that regard this movie most certainly does not disappoint .
The later release is missing several songs though .
And , for sure , you can tell who 's behind the lens every step of the way .
And on that basis , it was a success .
Boyle was hot and handled her part perfectly as the femme fatale .
This leads into some really dark themes and unexplored symbolism , but even without that , this is a spooky film .
This movie is a classic that deserves to be seen by anyone .
The way this film was shot is also beautiful , with the music , backdrop of the open fields , and superb acting .
I personally find this film funny , audacious , and memorable .
You know that life on that street will never be the same .
The film at points is deeply traumatic .
This not very well known picture is well written and acted .
Probably one of my all time favorites .
The story is very tongue in cheek , and the dialog skillfully understated .
Really made you think about how you 'd respond if you were in the shoes of the characters .
All in all an enjoyable night of movie watching .
A great message lies within the film .
Please purchase this game as soon as possible .
The story , the visual composition and the soul of the film , which are indisputably flawless .
This is such a great scene because it pays attention to detail .
The place was packed both times and people had to be turned away .
I was very impressed with this film .
York again also is brilliant in this kind of play .
The best moments of the movie were the silent , more old fashioned , slapstick kind of moments .
Paperhouse enjoys playing games with the viewers mind , engrossing you with it 's very own sense of reasoning .
I have a deep love for and passion about movies like this one .
When the lady stopped singing and the performers began to improvise , the pace improved quite a bit .
However , the very best part of the film is the acting .
Most vividly was the stirring of the emotion anger .
Every scene held a certain charm as you got to know the characters better .
There are some great moments in the film and the dialogue has some great moments as well .
My favorite scene is the one where they stop for the funeral .
A lot of fun to be had here if you 're a fan of the genre .
A mix of different styles , which makes for its own .
It is a pleasure watching him work .
I also really liked the vigilante duo .
It 's very scary , dramatic and delivers a strong presence .
It 's exciting , frightening , shocking and in it 's own unique way disturbing .
He invited me to sit down at the food court with him and we discussed the movie for some time .
I saw this movie only after hearing raves about it for years .
I was deeply moved by this movie in many respects .
This movie features great acting , beautiful song and dance numbers , and great design work and film shots .
Shemp 's scene when poisoned and her reaction are truly magnificent .
Jane ever , and there will never be one more gorgeous .
You tell yourself you do not need it or it is not the right time for you but you still wish it were happening .
They makers really did a superb job of interpreting they 're own thoughts of what happens when you die .
He has a lot to teach us , and a wonderful way of telling it .
He claimed it 's one of the funniest and coolest low budget actioners ever made .
Once you pick your jaw up from off the floor from the realization that they ...
But it 's the sincerity of how bad it is that makes it so wonderful .
The use of the butter and milk really makes the scene .
It was funny , well cast and came across as a genuine document of the show .
Films are made to entertain us , and the degree to which they do this can be an indication of a film 's worth .
I recommend it and we need more of these films to watch .
It has a smooth even tempo for the first half that builds all the elements for the last section .
All in all a good film and it makes a change to see a good slasher movie that actually scares
She learns to trust him over a period of time .
It 's a quiet , slow moving , chess battle as they attempt to achieve trust .
Her findings along the way affect those closest around her .
Raines is great as the resourceful woman determined to solve this puzzlement .
There are common themes , and surprising exceptions .
What really makes this a must see though is the casting of the two lead actors .
It is touching , funny and intriguing in all parts .
Meeting new characters , going to different places finding new friends , its great .
It 's entertaining enough to watch and generally the winner deserves the prize .
The acting is hauntingly distant in most cases .
May not be spectacular , but it 's concept is pretty neato and it delivers in the right spots .
And we have a love story and a competition of course , too .
The movie is smart and expects it 's audience to be as well .
And do not forget the explosions , we all love explosions .
I think to appreciate it you have to read some of his poetry , maybe see one of his slide shows .
Winters is the most complex character in a film filled with unusual characters .
You love him and hate him because you realize that what he is doing is nothing short of amazing .
Today , my soul was stirred , my heart broken .
The two together provide a startling mix which may be too edgy for some viewers .
The plot is simple , but the story is complex .
You actually think that you are watching a documentary .
He dreams about her like she is a angel , but she is no angel .
Some detractors of the film have claimed that it is not true to the spirit or principles of the original story .
Their relationship will have devastating consequences .
Thing may not be a classic , but it sure is a good , funny comedy .
Mol 's performance was extraordinary .
I would not go out of my way to rush and see it at the first available time , but it will make a great matinée .
He brought havoc onto his colony when he destroyed the food that were for the superior grasshoppers .
The sky is light blue and the air is sweet .
He is actually enjoying giving her pleasure .
This belief is dispelled when he gets a job in a bar and shines .
It is far too easy to dislike something because you find it hard to understand .
The story takes a few unexpected turns and keeps the viewer constantly guessing where it 's gon na go next .
A quite good film version of the novel , though at the beginning a little bit lengthy .
There are also nice special effects .
The rotoscoped orcs are more comical than frightening , while the ringwraiths are eerie and nightmarish .
Rathbone , who 's too busy fretting about where his next hit song will come from .
The unknown lead actress has magnificent performance and is extremely gorgeous .
Nevertheless , it is a beautiful flick .
I thought the production values was great like the costumes and settings with the bridge .
A beautiful film , touching profoundly up the simple , yet divine aspects of humanity .
This is a great ending to the show .
I think sometimes that the network executives think they are the ' gods ' of the entertainment world .
But it was a unique concept for a game show , and one that has as yet never been seen again .
The whole movie is very satisfying because the situation is the star .
Sure , it may look a bit outdated now , but it is still an innovation .
A teller in a bank , everyone walks all over him .
The big explosions segment is probably the most farcical element .
And it only gets better with age and repeated viewings .
It is a great showing of humor and inventiveness to see what the animators used for everything .
The characters are all very funny and believable .
The films true beauty lies in its ' animation .
He enjoyed it as well and pointed out that the exaggerated noses were phallic symbols .
There is more than furious action or heart pounding dramas .
Hitch leaves it a bit ambiguous , but this is a great sample of his early work .
The world lost a great artist this month .
I love it when they actually do a sports story well .
It points to true love for a humans .
This movie has plenty of foggy atmospheres , which makes it very creepy too .
This movie is what i consider to b e a political thriller , everybody played their part to the hilt .
I do not know if what she films is the heart or the mind but it is not the traditional plot basics .
I liked how the film was shot , and the actors were very funny .
This is a timeless movie for all ages that is sure to please .
This is one of my favorite comedies ever .
The story line is as subtle as a brick through a green house window .
It is his charisma , power and command of the role that defines the movie .
This is a strange , funny , and entertaining comedy .
At first side he can seem one more foolish superhero from the senseless movie about unreal events and feelings .
Yet , it constantly remains thought provoking .
Maybe those who took the time to bash this will enjoy
There are a couple of plot points which do not work , but overall this is quite enjoyable .
Kudos to everyone involved with this film .
Each skit is either wickedly , erotically or perversely hilarious .
Carol yearns for her dad , who is a pilot in the war , and you can feel the love sher has for him .
Sexual tension between the sisters .
This movie shows how savage the troubles really are .
This movie was absolutely wonderful .
Also of course the musical moments were more than great .
And in my opinion , a much more human and emotional version .
But then he is in trouble deep , deeper than any of the troubles most of us will ever know .
I 'm not sure when it 's getting released on video but if you get the chance you should check it out .
I have never been a great fan of her , but this movie makes me just want to watch all of her movies .
I dare you to see this film and to not laugh .
Maggie is always there for him whenever he needs her .
Critics say that it s a drama but i think it s more of a romance .
I loved the curtain effect , it was great .
To capture the natural emotion that real life offers .
The story also seems a bit drawn out .
Now , the most common criticism made about the film was that it was technically solid , but lacked innovation .
I 'm surprised that no one yet has mentioned that there are two versions of this same film .
The initial situation is a common one but the escalation into the story presented fortunately is not .
The whole thing is ridiculous but great fun and entertaining from start to finish .
He happily makes his creations while dreaming that his plant will grow to be a beautiful rose .
Because he is looking for , above all , a great film .
The rest of the supporting cast did it s job well .
Cracking good yarn with all the actors giving great value .
There are scares and chills and the movie moves at a nice pace .
The movie is a great combination of comedy and typical romance .
We see a lot more of her this time round .
Manages to seem both improvised , yet completely controlled .
And yes it too luckily shows more violence .
What this movie accomplishes is showing the strength of the character by herself .
The story is unlike any other film these days , full of adventure .
The setting was perfect for a girl that expressive .
My last criticism of the content is of predation .
There 's a lot of humor and comedy in it too .
Soon , the two are falling in love .
There is always that woman that does what she needs to do to climb the class system .
One must hope that many viewers will have the skill to view
It is a great hour of entertainment , as well as informational .
Overall this was a movie that surprised and delighted me as a movie fan .
I would recommend it if you are interested in horse racing and mysteries .
Those who do not know the past are bound to repeat it .
And the tears shed were all of laughter .
And this is something the second half of the film explores in depth .
The photography of the river is marvelous , as is the interior period decoration .
But the overall effect is commendable and rewarding .
Children will love this film , adults will only like it .
During that trip , the man begins telling the story of his brother and we go back in time when the events began .
Great acting and a very funny cast make this one of the best cult comedy films .
Everyone chews the scenery a bit , but that 's really what the film is all about , and everyone is quite funny .
What it does have are very good stories , characters , and themes .
Each does there part in making this movie wonderful .
The animators have done a wonderful job in then depth of the animation .
If you take it too seriously the audience will find little to enjoy .
It is a good story , but it seems like it has been done many times before .
Hayworth delivers us one of the best femme fatales of all time in a very ambiguous portrayal .
Daniel begins to explore his new universe .
What we can see underlying the temporal theme is a reflection on the inevitability of our actions .
Bourne 's motive has always been to stay clear of the government and live his life in peace .
Most certainly the thing that makes this movie better as the average thriller , is the style .
Beautifully shows the power of closeness and turmoil after a school shooting .
To a young boy this was a great film .
She gets her share of pie and seltzer in the face , but learns her trade .
I really loved it although while reading the reviews it was quite disturbing to me ..
Also the film is funny is several parts .
But , of course , the course to true love never did run smoothly .
Elitism concentrates all attention , recognition and thus power on those deemed outstanding .
Saying right things in the right places and knowing how to keep himself away from trouble .
Edge tagged in soon after and dropped both opponents .
The problem is a lot of people try to take every independent movie and expect it to be a masterpiece .
This is an extraordinary film , that tricks you constantly .
A definite satire of horror films , with a zany twist .
Also the sequels are excellent in the special effects .
And that 's part of what makes this show funny .
Ladies , for their part , will absolutely love this movie .
The actors were great , and it contains an all star cast .
It is simply how it is done in her world .
It has this magical ' aura ' from the beginning to the very end of the movie .
The boy returns happily to his fish , none the wiser .
And reed the history of the hells angels at hells at hells angels.com
Russel plays the ex jock who peaked in high school .
It 's great to see him as something other than a cowboy .
Miscarriage of justice is just the same governed by vengeance .
Later he is advised by an old man with sign language to speak up for yourself ... young people today
The things that caught my attention from the beginning were the initial credits .
Creating , dancing , wrestling with the forces of nature to make our world more beautiful .
And so should you ... and rejoice that there was an era when this was created simply to entertain and thrill .
A lot of eerie moments that will stay with you .
Something we do not get to do alot of with today 's films .
Otherwise , this is quite enjoyable time capsule .
Be careful most of the time it 's the direct hate only classics .
My favorite moment is probably the touching rooftop scene .
A story about men getting along with each other .
And family's are forever and love means more then words .
She does a terrific job as a mother who is deeply in despair for a lost child .
Yet , the best part of the movie is perhaps the reason that radio thrillers still have appeal .
So you do not get to know the characters on that deeper level .
Real people , great acting , humour , unpredictable .
It had a gritty authenticity and rang true in every way .
Passing stones definitely one of the best comedy independent films ever .
This movie has nothing to do with the documentary and its fantasy kiddie fare .
The optical printer is put to good use , with multiple images of the same performer appearing at once .
It was very easy to follow and understand unlike some movies which are way too complicated .
This is the only full length feature film about the world of bridge .
This is the only full length feature film about the world of bridge .
Her relationship with her friends is both a thorn and a balm in her life .
Nevertheless , it is a film which holds its audience without any violence .
They go out and work together in helping each other out .
The entire cast is funny , the story pretty good and the comic moments awesome .
It s true to the novel , which is very important , with a few twists added for pleasure .
The range of different types of people is great .
Scarface should be liked and loved but not in the way it has been or is .
The different characters in the film are presented well and casting is definitely a plus point on the film .
Dearable characters , probable story and a pace that between laughs has some thrill .
Still , it starts out very well , and is certainly deserving of being remembered , if not praised to the heavens .
Because later he got a job as a writer for numerous prank shows .
The ending is abrupt , and does not feel like it finishes everything that the film began .
As always , controversial movies like this have mixed reviews .
The film contains a love story , a moral message , and a man tortured by his past .
All in all it 's an entertaining film that steals more money in it 's plot than time from you .
Harry is another man that is not loved anymore .
It 's edited and reshaped before being aired and it 's only what the networks want you to see .
It is of course heavily influenced by the flower power culture of the time , and in some ways quite progressive .
The film has a good look and the cinematography is also good .
This like the series was a very well put together series of scenes .
They play their more sympathetic roles with quiet authority and understanding .
Lithgow is a terrific entertaining villain .
The acting is a joy to watch in itself .
It 's also a classic , if a tarnished one .
There are some truly erotic moments in this film , even by today 's raunchy standards .
He tends to steal almost every scene he 's in , and not always in a good way .
Charming in every way , this film is perfect if you 're in the mood to feel good .
I truly do not know where it was shown .
At times funny with a sarcastic and dark humor , full of suspense and unexpected twists .
I can only hope that they knock her over the head again soon so she can turn out another great film .
These are my questions and comments .
Once again , the scene is dark , gritty , and very rough .
He makes a bet with the school bully and the bet is not like most bets .
Nevertheless , it has been expanded to the degree that it approaches aesthetic glory .
The way how the everybody portrayed their roles was great .
She is subsequently arrested and put on trial .
The rest of the cast was very good as well .
Al retired , and the family relationship that existed between the unit .
If you 've never seen this film before you will be shocked at how much has been stolen by later film makers .
It is first and foremost a chick flick , it is a romantic comedy .
Please visit www.lovetrapmovie.com for complete and accurate info about this film .
The movie is a fairly interesting look at how world events can affect peoples ' relationships .
The journey this film takes you on is clever , interesting and totally engrossing .
He falls in love with a girl parrot and loses her .
I managed to track it down a few weeks ago , however , and was pleasantly surprised again .
It gave a nice message in the end , even though a lot of people might not have been happy with it .
The styles are great , hoop skirts are awesome .
It 's not typical , and was an unexpected surprise .
In my honest opinion , everyone should see this movie at least once .
That 's the first situation the writer hits .
Well executed old and very dark house horror .
Great softcore sex , revealing and sexy , and plenty of it .
Great softcore sex , revealing and sexy , and plenty of it .
The film shows a history of the great investigatory agency .
So sit back , and enjoy the wild ride .
She will learn the house 's secrets .
All in all , it 's a very nice production .
Unlike most short films featuring children or actors these kids hold their own and it 's believable .
That to me is the mark of a great movie .
You 've meant a heck of a lot to me , gotten me through some tough crazy times .
As a study of the frailties of human nature in the context of old age , this film is without parallel .
All the ladies are jealous , including her step mother and sisters .
It has some great character actors in it too .
The story of the hotel clerks , the manager , the owner and their complicated love life .
But after seeing the film , it 's easy to understand why .
The cast of characters meld well together and are quite believable in their roles .
Fitting , since it was his first , as well .
For this purpose , the madhouse is the ideal setting , and the writers knew this .
Especially if you are right now thinking
It 's great to watch this survival game where the fastest drawer and the sharpest shooter is the winner .
Myers is hidden well until fully revealed at the exciting conclusion .
Even if you still know what the secret is it is a great movie .
The film has a great score that completely supports the movie .
Her performance is what made the real life story come to life on a television screen .
Alvin constantly is reminded about his past and his relationships with his wife , children and his brother .
First and foremost , there are the two leads .
This movie was well done in all respects .
The way they banded together to help one another was truly awe inspiring .
The film 's colorful picturesque backdrops are excellent and the score is memorable .
Everything about it in my opinion was top notch from the acting to the directing .
Being filmed in color also adds to its enjoyment .
It 's a whole lot of laughs and a whole lot of fun .
I highly recommend it as a learning experience .
Travel in the world of abstraction and on into the future with breathtaking computer animation imagery .
I hope it will complete my movie top
Spirit was a great breath of fresh air .
Some minor problems include the fact that the years as shown by the events represented do not add up .
Jack makes a very , very , honest effort at the role .
It is an action movie with comedy mixed in .
When a young lady answers an advertisement for a secretary , she certainly gets more than she bargained for .
A very intriguing film which is totally absorbing .
As we all know a romantic comedy is the genre with the ending already known .
This is the beginning of a very funny comedy , with hilarious situations .
But times are hard and the family struggles to survive .
There is a strange excitement in this film that keeps me on the edge of my seat .
Very impressive , hats off to everyone involved .
If you love flamenco , you will love this version .
The show is very tightly written , although it does tend to slip up at some points .
It 's filled with its own unique style and energy that ca not be matched .
It 's original , and thought provoking .
There are also weaknesses in the action .
You will laugh , cry , laugh , then cry some more .
The sets and the music contribute a great deal to almost every scene .
I do not think it is possible to watch this piece of comic history and not laugh .
It shows many different nationality background .
He refuses and she herself decapitates her brother .
Visually there are some really nice scenes artistically amazing as to what can be done with a minimal budget .
There are two kinds of rules in this world .
The method of warfare is cleaner than nuclear war , since now everyone is wearing those breath masks .
The speeches given by both representatives of each country at the end of the film , are inspiring given the time .
The fact that they must part ways became a very real emotional strain .
He makes a very good and quite believable villain .
Another aspect that adds to the feel of the movie , is that gender means very little .
It is all too real and truly creates a sense of impending doom .
This is a thoughtful and very amusing movie , superbly directed and edited .
It makes you feel bad but still worth .
It is a very entertaining film , it moves quickly and never bores you .
I can almost still hear that statue , laughing madly .
The fighting was more in the streets and had looting and crime .
Sometimes it comes off has funny but when it works it really works .
In fact , just how good it looks is amazing .
That torture , though , is not always brought to life with the dramatic impact that it might .
I ca not wait for next week 's episode .
Jackie is menacing and psychotic here .
Rent this for the whole family , everyone will enjoy this .
The motion picture will like to classic cinema buffs .
While having a similarity to the original trek it differs enough to be original in it 's own ways .
Mahatma has been depicted as a man who neglected his own son in this movie .
It makes the crime so palpable and sad .
Leaving the bank , a bully steals the check .
Letters with no destination end up in another world found in the back rooms of the post office .
The dish centers on the sea , it is subtle , sour , and pungent , all to great effect .
He of course was brilliant as he almost always seemed to be in all of his movies .
Beautifully filmed , well acted , tightly scripted suspense movie .
Nevertheless , a few of the later shows were a match for any , due to the guest stars .
This is one great movie you do not want to miss .
This movie will often be brought up when the words chest waxing and condoms are mentioned in conversation .
The show boasts a very talented ensemble cast , who all mesh together very well on camera .
The flashback sequence , where you see the murders happening , is extremely terrifying .
There are parts that are moving , funny , and just great .
The roadside dance scene is brilliant .
Bruce looked a bit haggard but his voice is great , as good as ever and a pleasure to hear on these old songs .
I was able to watch this movie in its entirety and was deeply moved by it .
With this movie , it 's all about style , atmosphere , and acting .
To me , the scenery was beautiful , the cast was well chosen , and the writing was strong .
I was entranced by this touching and hilarious film , not to mention surprised .
It 's so good it 's difficult to put into words .
The supporting cast is very well done .
I really would have loved the ending had it come as more of a surprise or there to have been an unexpected twist .
I saw this movie in the theater , and was thoroughly impressed by it .
Always the flying , the flying , the flying .
Sirk focuses on the more volatile supporting players .
He was born with cerebral palsy and was at first wrongly thought to be mentally handicapped as well .
Holly then shows her willingness to leave this lifestyle but her confusion on what is right and wrong .
Erroll is now training her to do his job and it 's like job shadowing .
The seventies ambiance sensual and full of drugs is amazing .
The teaser is very fun with the close up of the eye and the reflection of the disco lights .
It 's the same type of humor grown up .
From start to finish this film is immensely captivating .
All in all , a truly gripping film from beginning to end .
The ending on the bus was exhilarating .
Anyhow , it 's an entertaining film , if you 've got nothing to do on a weekday evening .
People who try and finish it are killed themselves .
And there are parts that are genuinely suspenseful as well .
A beautiful ensemble of older screen gems who still have that energy .
The movie celebrates the thrill of youthful inspiration .
His performance was very impressive .
Along the way , he must endear friendship , betrayal , trust , and more .
It is a film about middle age and the choices people make .
If you can enjoy such a thing , this is a masterpiece .
This film has a lot of strong points .
The special and sound effects were awesome .
Speed is the patron saint of optimism in a dirty , mean and evil world .
Fallon 's portrayal made the movie .
It is very original , stunningly beautiful and possess a great sense of strangeness and lyricism .
Actually these two works shot from two different cultures provide interesting comparison .
The young girl is an amazing talent .
Jabba is a very effective animatronic character , one of the most elaborate ever constructed .
An axellent second installment that manages to be just as good as the first .
While there was less slapstick , they still worked wonderfully together comedically .
It helped me to understand my own family history , which was always something very abstract to me .
The casting is perfect and the acting standards very high .
The genre is unique and not the typical expectation .
The story is very nicely told , and all we had to do was sit and enjoy the story .
He shows heart and a more humble humor .
It really is a stunning and rich portrayal of blood ties , favours and allegiances within the crime world .
Thus it is a work of art that is challenging to you personally .
Also , it changes some of the details from other accounts .
What surprised me was how well the boxing matches were brought to the screen .
If you 've ever wondered about the role of snipers in modern war , take a look at this one .
The movie was a suspenseful , and somewhat dark , look at the severe results of a genuinely human mistake .
It 's worth watching to find out how .
I was pleasantly surprised at just how good it was .
This movie was amazing , to say the least .
This film also has some sad parts that make the tears run .
One can relate to personalities and situations in ones own family .
The manner in which the story comes to a close is touching and rich with meaning .
The movie is very violent , very sexual , and it is mostly about battles between the races .
It really is the story that keeps you focused .
But like true families and good friends , they stick together .
The relationship between the wife and husband is unique .
It 's a sentimental film , reasonably well made but hardly breathtaking .
But be warned , it s also one of the most heartbreaking films ever made .
But this movie is farce and it 's fun .
I 'm always astonished by the wonderful direction in these films as well .
The first such scene is very realistic .
You weep , and you ponder , you ache and you hope against hope .
This movie at least breaks this usual formula and gives a refreshing view of cops and their lives .
All in all , an unforgettable movie .
The film helped to put many things into perspective for me , especially considering the current world events .
I hope critics put this on their top ten list .
But it is done exceptionally well for a change .
Because in the form of a story we can identify ourselves .
It is a film that unites us in this divided world and shows us the potential of the human spirit .
Great fun throughout , with all members of a strong cast acting their socks off .
Lucifer tells you how it happens , and she used his words .
It 's really a terrific trip back in time .
The gaiety of life aboard the most elegant ship in the world .
Best put in the last sermon he heard his father give , his father said
It gives you a real feel of what the pioneers had to go through both physically and emotionally .
Now , these guys need to see a psychologist .
The mixed technology used in the movie , ultimately , works well .
This is wonderfully staged , with tiny holograms of the kids walking on his face and firing questions at him .
This movie was good for it 's time .
I 've always been of mixed opinion with her .
The parents knew that , both those of the children in the movie and those watching it .
No one on the cast is really safe from his wit now .
I enjoyed the film and would suggest to anyone just out for a good time .
And the movie was pretty good also .
Turturro definitely gives his best performance to date proving he 's worth much more than what we thought .
The soundtrack is good , although the score is presented quite choppily .
Great use was made of color and lighting throughout the movie .
But in the end it 's those big stunning visuals that put the icing on this cake .
It contains some of the best actors possible .
It is an accurate reflection of the period in which it is set .
The crew of cinematographers have also done miracles .
Watching this movie again really brought back some great childhood memories .
All in all this is a great little sleeper movie that few seem to have heard of .
The costumes are like something from a mad max movie .
If you have not seen this movie , get it and watch it .
Of course , being a movie that you 've never heard of , it does have flaws .
This movie helps to image those kinds of stories and memories .
All in all , it 's a good movie to watch .
Sarah did a very good job , quite convincing .
This was an absolutely delightful movie to watch .
She is the character who makes the important change in the film .
The true story displays a devastating situation for her character to overcome .
As a baseball fan and light movie addict , it hit a homerun for me .
It 's also encouraging to see how people always find different ways of fighting oppression .
The music and sounds tie into this movie so perfectly .
I totally got drawn into this and could not wait for each episode .
Mildred , on the other hand , displays her emotions immediately and without censure .
Having a baby sister .. you know how it is .
When one day a letter is sent to her house telling all available women to attend a royal ball .
I saw the new redubbed and edited version yesterday and loved it .
Williams ' brilliant animation portrayed
This is one of the great adventures .
Like the location , this movie is strange and wild and wonderful and weird and absolutely not for everyone .
It is this well nuanced core that makes everything else in the film believable .
And like many lessons in life , the most valuable are often the hardest to take at the time .
She is the epitome of ethereal beauty .
For a small scale movie , the costumes , sets , and camera work were quite nice , also .
It is shocking at times and more powerful because of it .
The supporting cast also was great .
I also loved the cinematography , it gave it the real feeling as if it were an independent film .
I recommend to everyone that they see this movie ...
What we got was a roller coaster of fun .
But truth is that the humour in this comedy is special .
This team was the closest thing to a sorority in my school .
The robot scene in particular is a bit drawn out and strange .
Another brief shot of a metal shield hung above the bust being jarred loose and falling down .
I can never stop to see stories like this , because , that keeps up my hope as described above .
He makes so many mistakes but gets a chance for redemption .
Unlike his usual works this one is not put out of place and out of time .
Then it goes from a good film to a great one .
It is a comedy that everyone simply must watch .
It 's also not a great film to promote happy families .
A stellar greek cast helps him in this .
And it just might change the way you see the world ...
As dangerous as it was , to do it for that purpose alone , shows the inbred simplicity of these types of people .
He is the one who does not regard his job as a game to play but a real service .
I 'd love to see what they do next .
And she finds him an easy meal ticket .
It also beautifully involves older characters .
I ca not think of another who is so capable in every genre .
I liked the quiet conversations under a dark light .
Not to mention the soundtrack is extraordinary perfectly capturing those crucial moments .
She intends to ban rock and roll music all together .
Mirage certainly does not appear on his official filmography , so your guess is as good as mine .
She is the only one who understands him .
The melancholy prince is a great departure from the typical swashbuckler .
All around , it was a cute movie with likable characters .
Other than that , everything else is still about as good as it gets .
In short the film is , well , enchanting .
It is not a comedy , though it has its laughs .
But still the movie is gripping , every engaging and entertaining .
The movie is , after all , a love story .
Even the music in this movie is awsome , the score especially .
It makes the film warm and affectionate .
We have a very good actress , wonderful , for long time .
Not knowing what to expect in a movie can be so pleasant if the surprise is worthwhile .
This is a great depiction of real events that shows how mob rule is not a figment of the imagination .
It 's a violent , intense and sad story .
My favorite moments of the short surround the movement of the liquefied colors through pipes .
It remains a strangely compelling and entertaining dip into the realm of evil .
Storywise , surprisingly little happens during the movie .
The explosions were realistic , the chase scenes were feasible , and the fighting was incredible .
The movie continues , with a twist at the end .
The eternal words beneath the smooth stones of the river forever haunt him , yet keep their secrets .
Approach with no expectations other than having a good time and you will enjoy this one .
A great comedy which deserves a wider audience .
Brosnan takes an excellent script to another level with his marvelous facial gestures and physical movements .
It 's nice to see him playing a serious character .
Durbin carries the movie with ease .
The structure around the parallelism of the two cultures is wonderful .
Minor quibbles aside this movie and it 's wonderful country house setting is one to catch when you can .
But , he was not having too much luck on his most recent works .
I 've read most of the comments on this movie .
But that is just a minor complaint .
Stuff like this happened and is still happening in the world .
The voices for the animals are wonderful .
Wells sees restriction of private freedoms as a good thing .
The music is very natural and the main song in the film quite heartbreaking but inspiring .
The movie holds your attention until the end .
I heartily recommend it to those who appreciate the stretch of their imagination .
But this is my favorite movie he has done so far .
Fortunately , by throwing all pretense of reality to the winds , they have created a comedic marvel .
He does impressions of his family as well , which is real funny .
Just a cute movie with some subtle comedy to lighten things up .
Another clue for those who like the details , is the representation of doors .
On technical level , this film is very impressive , even by today 's standards .
This being said , the film is indeed a great film .
The humor is simple , pretty funny and sometimes , maybe , little morbid .
I also loved how the director created and brought forth a lot of tension in some of the key diving scenes .
Their scenes in the cafe , however , are wonderful and ring true .
It works on many levels and draws the audience in and never lets up .
It is all in all a solidly great film .
Mine eyes have seen the glory of the ...
Lexi 's condition worsens , as she blames herself for her best friend 's death ...
It 's a mournful , inspired , surreal masterpiece that does not deserve to be neglected .
The sets , outdoor locations , costumes are so beautiful and authentic .
August , turned this to their advantage in creating a claustrophobic masterpiece about a man at war with himself .
Her facial expressions are hilarious .
I agree a new updated version like be nice but the message is still right on .
Pinjar is one of the few movies that really leaves a mark and makes you think hard .
All the actors give full blooded performances with conviction and realism .
It is funny , witty and features some great voice acting .
What is the good of having money like that if you ca not do fun things with it .
Nevertheless , he is always compelling .
In that scene the brutality and edge of this film is truly visible .
Use of live actors performing skits is also very entertaining .
Scorcese has also restored the balance to forgotten or undervalued pictures .
I recommend this movie to everybody to see .
You 've seen it all before , but it 's the kind of stuff it never hurts to see again when it 's done well .
This kind of flick needs sensitive watchers .
Otherwise the movie is definitely worth a watch .
Everything is flawless , the writing , directing , and for me , most of all , the acting .
And that was one of the primary ingredients that made the original so loved .
This is a film that was very well done .
I think this movie will doubtless still be entertaining people when so many other movie are long forgotten .
The actors did a superb job and seasons one thru six were the show at its peak point .
The film has nice comic touches too .
In some ways it had a better story than come of the other films aimed at a higher age .
In some ways it had a better story than come of the other films aimed at a higher age .
Zorro triumphs , as he always does .
Use your studio sound , if you 've got it .
Also it is sharp , intelligent and lucid .
Also they could have expanded the movie , showing more about when she builds up
Intense acting , great villain and unexpected action .
To me , that is a mark of a great film .
It would be a great movie to see in the theater and to buy for home .
I liked all the friendly snowman images littering the landscape , the pot holder , the snow globe , etc .
It 's magnificent , taken tongue in cheek .
Dialogue delivery of this movie is perfect .
The shots were beautiful , but the movie did have it 's rare and short gruesome shots .
You will be laughing at their own view of heaven .
When everyone pitches in to stop the menace , the town is once again safe , thanks to good old cooperation .
Although dated the humour definitely has a charm about it .
In the end , though , even as they blame each other for their lives , they really love each other deeply .
The lighting also does a great job of adding to the intrigue and tension .
It s a treat to watch the series again .
The music is very different but very good .
I enjoyed seeing the two characters interact because they are the most different .
I have always enjoyed checking out the different places where scenes were filmed .
It just the bare story , which is profound in its simplicity .
You will laugh while watching this movie .
He adds to this movie , he does not detract from it .
I always thought she deserved better than she got out of the entertainment industry .
It is inspiring because it is about people of noble purpose .
Then all of a sudden you find these two people getting drawn together during a series of events .
I even loved the message in the song .
Almost every time he 's present in this , as a matter of fact .
Kaliforniais a great film that makes us look at ourselves .
Some episodes are just fantastic , but all too often it was a mixed bag .
He then gets up the courage to pursue his true love .
Yeti was an absolute must , especially after hearing so much about it .
He plays a truly sick individual and really makes you see how disturbed his character is .
It must be a couple of frames in length at the max .
This event cemented the love between the two brothers , who from then on became the best of friends .
The film will be more easily understood if we go back to that time in life .
It did take me back to my youth and let me reminiscent about a more innocent time .
You know something tragic is going to happen and , of course , it does .
It is breathtaking , a master class in artistic control .
And i think my money was on right way as i expected before buying it .
The numbers , they have met before without knowing it , and so on .
Improvisation might still be there , though , among all these wonderful performances .
Now that 's not something you get a lot of recently .
Glover puts together something that is unique to him .
The movie has a magnificent look to it .
The movie is definitely a product of its time .
I would love to see the cast interviewed now .
Portrays the day to day stark reality of survival on a ranch in the old west .
The two do not get along on the job because each has fallen in love with a unseen pen pal .
It 's the joy of being a sports fan .
The stunts and explosions are fun and exciting and the plot is not half bad .
I guarantee you will finish watching the season .
The talent in the film is incredible .
Soon after she experiences a strong mutual attraction to a young virile man she meets whilst out horse riding .
This film is smart , concise , and consistently entertaining and funny .
The intention and the message is clear and profound .
The later movie is a slice of the daily life of a common man .
The acting however is what makes this a masterpiece .
He always seems on top of his game and shows little care for anyone who doubts him .
I think that this movie is very neat .
It becomes a story of courage and the human spirit in the face of adversity .
This point will return to dominate the last scene in the film .
Not that he had that many , and not that his range was not limited , but he 's perfect in this part .
She really does give a great performance in this film .
All she needs to do is find her place where she be who she is and the ring helps her to get there .
If you 've ever seen the trailer for the film
This is not to say that it 's a masterpiece .
The cinematography was good , not amazing but really who cares with a movie like this .
And if so , how often to you meet the same souls life after life .
Filmed in a theatrical way and excellent acted .
It has great action scene , magic , an intelligent and weel written script .
The story concerns two children who seek to find a legendary floating island which has a castle on it .
I even have the soundtrack and i love listening to his singing .
The language is mild , and , on occasion , moderately strong .
It 's striking me as fresh , as relevant and as intriguing as when it first aired .
The people playing the homeless people were by comparison up to the funniest standards also .
Both writers helped change the role of their professions in the business and art .
It works really well as one of my favorite genres sports romances .
But , like in any good epic , this exceptional evil must find its end ...
Sometimes it is very good , with some stunning static shots and ' pans ' of the beach , cliffs and a sunset .
Together they made a great team and with a blend of their talents gave us a classic .
I hope to see more of these characters in other films .
We will even place advertisements throughout the movie , to keep you buying our products .
This movie delivered all the goods to me .
This sometimes works excruciatingly well , and sometimes not .
The way in which the story was presented was touching .
The ending is spectacular and the viewers will stay interested and shocked until the last minute .
I have enjoyed watching it again too .
The governor of said colony and the owner of the mine are exploiting the prisoners for labor .
I think this movie easily outdoes all of his other efforts .
I just recently saw this film again and it still holds up to my memory of it .
This movie explore many type of things you might have known , but for all the characters it 's a new things .
The show was funny and entertaining .
So they set out on a trail of famous murders not knowing what awaits them on the way .
I recommend this funny , moving movie to all .
It leaves you charmed with its beauty .
Welles also directed the film which means you have great camera angles and wonderful facial closeups .
It manages to wrap up all story lines of the previous movies in one grand finale , and does so very convincingly .
This is definitely worth checking out , but it is not top rate by any stretch of the creators wild imaginations .
It 's a beautiful love story , action movie , comedy and horror at the same time .
If you get the chance , see this movie .
I enjoy watching it again and again .
I stumbled on this series rather by accident .
Anybody who has a passion for sports will be able to relate to this movie on some level .
Kelly makes this charming rather than cloying , but also gives
And the slower pace of the film allows you to really watch the reactions of the actors .
It was funny on so many levels from the crazy outfits to the hilarious situations .
Overall , it 's funny , serious , entertaining and groundbreaking .
A definite adult only movie but well worth watching ...
I hope both of these actors get more roles that utilize their talents as well and let them shine .
Frownland explores these questions .
Floriane , like this film , promises a bit more then she truly offers .
Friendship and human warmth take the place of calculating striving for success .
His stage productions were always typified by violence and strong language .
The journey between the engagement and wedding which will always be special and this movie shows it clearly .
This is not done in a patronising way but with a great sense of fun and also honesty .
This is a must see for anyone who needs to be reminded of what true heroism is .
It 's again nice because the characters have to overcome new challenges .
Yet all this raw footage is not just used to satisfy perverted gorehounds , mind you .
Two of the century 's great singers star together in this underrated musical .
Moonwalker is such a great movie , from start to finish you ca nt take your eyes away .
The local ranchers extended him kindness and protection at the cost of their own lives .
This is a wonderful animation to watch anytime any where .
Those with an interest in the quirks of history will find this a must see .
I just finished watching this film and found it very enjoyable .
There was good music , fun times and , yes , a few rough and tumbles at the honky tonk roadhouses .
Every single element is impeccable , from the set pieces , the acting , the story , to the menacing atmosphere .
She 's funny , smart , outgoing , witty , and a lot more .
You have to see the plays performed .
For me , these persons saw another movie ...
It 's a visually spectacular movie to watch .
French classes always enjoyed this film very much .
I thought that the performances of the actors were great .
It is clean , wholesome , heartbreaking and heartwarming .
Not intelligent satire , not quite slapstick , but somewhere in between , you get a lot of funny jokes .
People all ages should enjoy this movie .
It is easy to watch because it is animated , which makes it unthreatening .
Today 's youth must understand this problem .
The writers of this story knew these men very well .
With minor improvement in their green screen , brush up acting and some guidance ratings this series is stunning .
This is an excellent example of what can be done on a small budget movie .
But this has got to be the most unique place to put the spirit of a serial killer .
Just when you thought you 'd seen everything . . .
Those are the most commendable performances .
It is my all time favorite movie ahead of eastwoods white hunter , black heart .
I recommend this movie without reservation to anyone who appreciates great talent , great beauty and great music .
Everybody is so darn likable you ca not help but enjoy the film .
I can watch it on a regular basis and not tire of it .
They are some depressed about their lives and finally find themselves and their dreams from dancing .
As good as this film is , it 's not without flaws .
Made me think about it for days after seeing it .
And look at the top ten grossing films of all time .
Watch lines you will be using in casual conversation for the next decade .
She was such a beautiful , young woman , and so sweet in her personality portrayals .
Cheng makes an excellent protagonist , loner character .
The beauty lies in the different details of experiences that people go through which makes or breaks their lives .
The story begins with a dance that she attended as a young girl .
It is one of those old stories that are still accurate those days .
The acting is excellent throughout and these actors touch your soul .
This has to be the all time best computer animation classic .
These are four of the most underrated actors in the biz and they work beautifully together .
This film is realistic like a documentation and entertaining like a drama at the same time .
The film is often humorous , often sad , and always believable .
Allow yourself to be completely engulfed within its fantastical vision and you will grow to love this movie .
I never once wondered if it was worth tuning into .
It 's undeniably charming and well worth your time .
As long as you take into account that this is not the best movie in the world , it 's a good mvie .
Their development is shown very precisely before and especially after the war .
Kinnear is equally good as the salesman , a decent fellow with a void in his life .
I was quite surprised at how this played out .
His voice , his mannerisms , his dialogue is what carries the movie .
After dark , my sweet is a strange mix of sensuality and dullness .
One of the finest pieces of television drama of the last decade .
Wai leads the charge , revealing himself to be a highly disturbed individual but excellent cop nonetheless .
Nightmare on elm street what they are today ,
Yet , there is one aspect that made me really love this movie , the performances .
And it is great because of its focus on values .
Also unique and of note is the blending of kung fu and the craft of bamboo scaffold building .
What do you do when your most loved ones deceive you .
For me , it is the representation of modern fairy tale .
In fact , the whole cast was fantastically talented and had great chemistry with each other .
The subsequent burial by the studio is understandable , after such a whopping investment and dismal return .
Malefique pretty much has the viewer from start to finish with its edgy atmosphere .
Ontop of it being action filled , they even have a surprised put in there for you .
I have asked around for this movie , and most video stores do not even know about it .
I still find the bit at the start funny when he says want a beer ........ cock.
All the awesome characters are dead .
A really really good episode , possibly the very best of the first series .
It 's a mockumentary about his life and career , beginning with superstardom and going back to trace the origins .
I 'd draw hidden pictures on my blackboard and see if my family or friends could find it .
When we first see him , it 's late at night .
It 's not a masterpiece , but it 's well directed and structured .
Stories like this , with this depth and feeling , and this intricacy of meaning , are very rare .
This is without a doubt the funniest comedy of the year .
No one is more surprised when he begins to like it than he .
Cheadle is struggling with difficulties in both his marriage and in his professional life as a dentist .
She has a most vivid face that leaves no one untouched .
As usual it was inevitable the usual negative comments .
When you finish the film it will feel as if you read the play yourself .
I caught this movie on my local movie channel , and i rather enjoyed watching the film .
The ensemble cast has some good moments in the film .
It 's hilarious and so damned funny that you will wet your pants laughing .
As has been stated , the music is very good , and it has a moodiness that does not exist in all episodes .
This is so much better then the first one , which was great as well .
This film is still funny after all those years .
Sputnik has a similar affect on the young rocket boys of this true tale .
Soraj 's movies have been brilliant all the way so we always expect something different from him .
I was awed at how beautiful and raw this documentary was .
All the elements are there from adventure to romance , and well placed comedy .
I 've seen this movie more than once .
I love all of his movies and wish there were more .
The episodes are packed with drama and blood .
It was this message that really impressed me .
Often the humour is in the dialogue , and often it is situational comedy .
It connects with all audiences and makes you smile and laugh .
The second episode is just very funny , very silly and very enjoyable .
The sets , costumes and the color are just so vivid it is just like stepping into a comic book .
The character actors in this film were a great plus also .
Actually this film had many great scenes and the acting and special effects were great .
I ca not say that anyone stood out in the cast they also seem to click so well together .
He 's stubborn and blinded by his own fears , self pity , and prejudices .
This film is a jolt of punk rock fun , from start to finish .
There 's also a few good shocks and a well done underwater scene .
Many of the film 's images lingering in my mind revolve around his expressions , vocal but mainly physical .
I disagree with previous comment about this movie .
Some of the plant is still underground and these undead come up and attack the area .
Standing alone and of itself it 's well worth a look .
Arthur nearly gives up his world for .
That alone makes the movie worth the price .
Should not we have the option to sit back and enjoy something new once in a while .
This film is the story of a journey .
She 's at once touching , funny , cunning .
The music , which plays a major role in the film , and it s title , is very powerful .
I have to totally disagree with the other comment concerning this movie .
At two and a quarter hours this is a sometimes slow moving thoughtful film interrupted by vast sword battles .
The reveal at its conclusion leaves you a bit off balance as the infatuation between the two changes hands .
He gets the best response of them all in this movie .
Jodie , at five years old when the show first aired , could hit every line perfectly .
Girlfight feels is both realistic and involving , that is enough so to make it a memorable film .
All who love a real psychological thriller must see this movie ...
And too , the story of his meeting his father is a gem .
But , the plot was strong and moved along well .
That aside , it 's well worth viewing .
It 's a thrilling murder mystery , a tense and violent horror film , and a suspenseful thriller .
Just know that if you decide to watch it , you will be , in the very least , surprised .
If you try to figure it out as it 's unfolding , you will overwhelm yourself .
Denzel plays the naval psychologist who helps
Some scenes are genuinely nightmarish and the acting is excellent .
It 's full of color and exuberance .
But if you have young kids its still appropriate .
But if you go with little expectations , you will enjoy
Top hats and evening dresses are saved right until the end , which remains a refreshing change .
This could be one of the best shows of all time .
She carries the bulk of the emotional vehicles in fine form .
Just watch these actors helping each other and still taking away the scene from each other .
The film builds to a superb finale , artfully shot , powerful and stylish .
Audiard knows he has amazing actors capturing his characters .
Then there 's a strange twist in the story that is very well written and surprising .
It 's good it 's different , but a little to light hearted for my liking .
For those who will be watching this for the first time , sit tight for the big chase at the end .
But beyond the hilarity , we get to explore some very real adult emotion that anyone can relate to .
Right up with the best in any western .
Cher 's search for love is enjoyable to watch .
This shot effectively captures the mood of the film .
He acted well and adjusted to being the nice good looking young rich kid .
I am glad that we got to enjoy this together .
The movie touches on love , lost , hope , hate , and triumph .
Always as tough as nails and at the same time conveying true sentiments .
A romantic comedy wrapped around two crime stories , great closing lines .
Kidman once again proves she 's far more than just a beautiful face .
I enjoyed this dalliance with raw wounded gall deep from within .
I was completely in shock after seeing it , and it s a feeling that stays around for a while .
I shared my feelings with my fellow judges .
Throughout all his troubles to announce his invention to the media , only one person offers
Although downbeat , this is truly a great western picture .
The two of them are brilliant together and have terrific chemistry with such vastly different characters .
Sheedy is strong and dynamic and delightfully quirky .
An unenviable task as anyone who has seen a film of a book will undoubtedly know .
Che 's thoughts , words and actions .
We also understand his sorry character , and there 's a lot of sympathy that arises for him .
Possibly the most brilliant thing about
Some quite funny hijinks ensue , and all the characters go through subtle changes .
Soon enough , she gets addicted to the drugs that she is selling .
If you can find this movie you are indeed lucky .
They are nomads , and that 's really refreshing and uplifting to watch .
Oberon gives her role the right light touch .
The faces of the actors are marvelous to see .
I had a heck of a good time viewing this picture , and was splendidly surprised at its more erudite features .
On second thoughts , maybe it is a great movie after all .
It starts out right from the beginning , and builds and builds .
I and you shall enjoy this together .
I love stories where different characters ' lives intersect with others and how deal with their lives .
Richard is an artist that daydreams of human flight .
The other movies you want to watch can wait .
I had never heard of her before nor knowingly seen her in another film , but this was great great acting .
He is an evil aristocrat , but in ways that make him unique .
It was packed with excitement and surprises .
Guiness brings his usual class to the film , and makes it much more than a typical comedy .
This has been one of my favorite movies for a long time .
Living dreams with the family is what this one is about .
The good guys use teamwork , planning , and integrity to overcome the odds and come out on top .
The family could be a place where each one feel loved because being his or her , only by existing .
This movie brought back some vivid memories .
It 's by no means perfect , but it 's entertaining and does not try to be anything other than that .
It 's a quite intriguing dramatic story , with also romance present in it .
I would think this makes it a questionable choice for both pet and plot .
I have seen this film several times .
This of course interrupted by a few vampiric orgies .
What a great actor and he proves it in this movie .
Smart dialogue makes this a must for romance fans .
The bus driver insists that six passengers were aboard the bus , although he did not notice who they were .
The movie does a brilliant job telling of those horrific events that actually took place .
We find that the two brothers are split up when that moment happened .
So obviously i had to watch it and even though i was only eleven she let me .
The story is well known and has already been described in other comments .
And believe me , it 's one fantastic one .
The character development is amazing .
He is fantastic as always , but his role could have been bigger , and more sinister .
I was also impressed at how true it was to the play .
This production is a lengthy watch but well worth it .
I found the characters very believable and likable almost to a fault .
Since this is an ensemble piece all characters get an opportunity in which to shine .
Dani succeeds in getting her first kiss from him , but as soon as he sees
It 's like the second album blues for most people .
On the whole this film is worth watching for the good bits and has a strong finish .
Movies like this make freedom feel more important .
This is a film about people who find the courage to choose and experience life because of that choice .
None of the films that followed it or copied it were able to capture the magic of this classic , however .
In the theory of parallel worlds the man can meet himself .
Hunting is more effective as a team enterprise .
This is a brutal film noir unrated and probably suitable for older teens .
To be honest , today is also a good time to be a swinger but it just felt more daring then .
After a long hard week behind the desk making all those dam serious decisions this movie is a great way to relax .
You met someone the first time , you fell in love completely , but broke up at last and promoted a deadly agony .
Our thoughts and prayers are with each and every one of you .
This is what gives a movie depth and something to think about in my view .
It 's the quality that can separate good actors from the truly great .
But not everyone is happy with the situation .
Sky is still lingering in my mind days after watching it .
It 's one of the most basic parts of human life .
The film is told in three flashback segments as each of the witnesses takes the stand .
They were a lot more believable , took themselves more seriously than modern heroines , and were not corny .
The dance numbers in this film are all perfectly executed , and perfectly designed .
It presents the issue of child sexual exploitation in a way that is both educational and accurate .
You will be happier with what you have .
The title fits this movie very well .
But it is a real rollercoaster ride and if you do not look too closely it is all quite believable .
The acting was fun , the screenplay was fun , the music was cheesie fun , the plot was stupendously fun .
By the end , you feel like you 've known him your whole life .
I liked the story of the movie and how it progressed .
Her one liners are great , much like in the first one .
Excellent comedians and actors , good lines all over and for everyone and pretty good editing , too .
Elvira delivered the movie with as many laughs as one can .
After camping and enjoying nature , the couple takes shelter in what they think is an abandoned farm house .
The music is old , but you really get used to it , and my daughter really loved it .
Watching this film made me remember my first love .
The soundtrack nicely complements the emotion of the piece and the punchline of the film works well .
It really brought this childhood movie to life .
Cooper is as tough as either of them , though he gets a chance to turn on the tears .
It had a perfect balance of all five aspects .
Indeed , our government surely needs more men like him .
Buster in this timeless and very funny underdog tale .
The music in this movie is beautiful .
History has shown that this is exactly what happened .
This was my favorite movie growing up , and it has not lost any of its charm .
The animation now seems childish and old fashioned , but that is part of its charm now .
For me , this film continues to be a completely satisfying experience .
Candid home movie like videos of themselves and their contemporaries take you further into their world .
There is a lot of criticism of this movie , in the authenticity about the historic events that is presented .
It has ups and downs and twists and turns and made me shed a tear or two .
It has martial arts , love , special effects and a fantastic plot .
Mildred 's raw emotions seem to me to be more apt to a sluttish girl who seems easily to become a prostitute .
Suspense , and a romantic love story .
Every thing is always so goddamn amazing etc .
The sweet is never as sweet without the sour .
The main hero is so likable and good natured , that he is easily sympathized with .
It 's nice to add a bit of escapism to the television experience .
The characters are engaging and everyone puts in a great performance and the directing is great .
I love this film and watch it over and over again .
I hope that this film gets the recognition it deserves .
And , many of the issues with which they were dealing are still running between them two decades later .
This film is a touching animated thriller .
The costumes , music and settings are stunningly beautiful .
If you are a real film buff , this is a film you will not want to miss .
So everything 's going fine , and then the fireworks begin , and before you know it , the credits are rolling .
Foley 's noir quality in this saturated and intense pulp film is seemingly perfectly fit together .
What this movie further shows is a truth common to all wars .
For the most part it was structured finely but somewhat distracting .
If you like dancing , you will love this version .
Even now it can measure up to other movies in this genre .
Goldsworthy himself provides the narration , speaking slowly but thoughtfully about the themes in his work .
It is one of the best animation flicks i have watched .
Aside from the intense slapstick scenes , there are others more subtle , but just as funny .
I thought the ending was a little abrupt .
I 'd never see or heard of him before this film .
It 's great family entertainment too .
This is a silly movie , but of course , it 's still great .
It ca not get much better than this , a true classic of erotic nightmare cinema .
Sure , it is not always true , but ...
And they rediscover some of the interpersonal chemistry that made playing together so enjoyable .
It is a great screen version of a great play and the choices of leads and support players are terrific .
But sometimes that fun can get her into trouble .
However , it 's easy to ignore this fault , and it 's incredulously easy to enjoy this film .
The music in this movie plays an extravagant part .
And it 's all entertaining and entrancing as hell as something that comes close to a real synthesis of what makes
So many classic one liners , stories , and segways ..
This movie is an excellent film , let alone for a kids ' movie .
This film has very tight and well planned dialogue , acting and choreography .
The story itself is lots of fun and some of the dialogue at the beginning is hilariously over the top .
This is where a great scene occurs .
The story has kept a lot of elements from the last series and added some new ones .
The ending to this movie is top notch .
It is funny and the actors are so good .
The plot is simple and the actors not extraordinary .
He cheats in sports , talks like a real sweet simpleton and does not seem to know were to sit in a courtroom .
For what it is , this is a pretty good movie .
An act for which he got caught and death penalty sentenced .
The film illuminates a brazen genre that has its hits and misses and expresses the true theme brilliantly .
Albuquerque is a film that has all the elements of a class
This movie is moving , touching , funny , intriguing , and generally engrossing .
This movie is witty , watchable and utterly touching .
It s not a laugh riot but it has some fantastic moments .
She gets better and then has a drawback .
Rollo has always wanted to live in that charming , quiet age .
The whole movie was put together beautifully .
I think teens should watch this movie and will learn from it .
I had always wanted to watch it but never got around to it when it was in the cinema .
There were a whole series of depictions and sequences that especially struck me in this viewing .
Everything about the story works and there are very few flaws .
This factor has to do both with the sets and locations of the film as well as the wardrobe .
It carries multiply messages which include a very rapid character development .
Absolutely the very first film that scared me to death .
The abandoned spaniel he finds helps to change his mind .
Though the background female characters in the restaurant scene at the end are a joy to watch .
Anna draws into the dreamworld a rather sad boy named mark who apparently is a person in the real world .
Everything is realistic and it is a good plot .
Their performances were very believable , you kinda liked these guys and that was scary .
From wobbly , garbled beginning to profound end , this movie will entertain throughout .
There are too many characters and it s hard to tell who the main character is but it s still a great movie .
There is one surprising moment after another until the end which is quite , well , surprising .
Nor is it truly a film about blacks .
Most old movies like this are masterpieces , unique in their own way .
He has a deceptive smile and a virile , commanding voice that makes you sit up and take notice .
A day in the lives of two people close to the median age .
The comments our killer makes to his victims left me and my friends rolling around on the floor laughing .
Both cultures are seen as modern and valid .
Hamill does an excellent job with his dramatic character development .
But ... the movie really shines in a couple of areas .
But other than that , the movie 's a hoot .
I found the characters to be well crafted .
You can feel the emotion in the song and will end up having goose bumps .
You can feel the emotion in the song and will end up having goose bumps .
Is a fairly long movie , but definitely worth it and while watching it , definitely does seem long .
I loved the message that there are no mistakes .
I thought the husband definitely had something to do with it for sure .
That coupled with a great script makes this movie a must .
Never too grisly and gory , yet powerful and moving .
Gripping , superbly directed and frightening , one of the best films of this decade
So , the two sibling cats embark on a journey to find it .
In the end , it turns out to be a delightfully charming movie .
The other actors in the film are also very good .
Both films deal with the consequences for the species and the planet from man made cataclysms .
A good deal of complexity is packed into a fleeting moment .
It was his vision that told the story on the screen that won it a best picture award .
You will know when you walk out , anyway .
Nancy and her friends never take the threats seriously , so young audience members will not be upset .
Sterling and younger brother try to survive on land , being squeezed by big cattlemen .
Big soulful eyes and flawless skin .
I ca not say it is totally flawless , but it 's near .
Horror is often most effective when it uses real life unpleasantness as a theme .
It was filmed with sequences of animation and the actors and actresses interacting with the animations .
Only the chosen ones will appreciate the quality of the story and character design of this movie .
It is a witty , funny yet emotional movie .
This movie has excellent combat fighting .
Carrey is a master at his trade and no one could have played this role to perfection as he did .
Although we liked it , we did not think it was extraordinary .
It 's nasty , gruesome , and good fun for a horror fan .
People who are still in their teens and are experiencing love for the first time , or at least think they are .
Several things make this film a classic .
It is sometimes difficult to locate a copy of this film but it 's worth it .
My family were not too keen on him but after seeing this film my family are very impressed with him .
One of the best documentaries released in recent years .
Relax and be loose was clearly the name of the game there .
Relax and be loose was clearly the name of the game there .
Sure it 's got some blood splattering , all in good fun though .
The acting overall was above average compared to most slasher films .
It will give you that warm , fuzzy feeling and leave you with a smile on your face .
A wonderful film of seduction and power .
If you like comics of a darker nature or need a good mind trip , this is a show to check out .
Just enjoy the ride , my purple maestro ..
It 's so very touching and significant when you can pick out character themes at different parts of the movie .
Allot of the shows are different as you 'd imagine and he has even more funny jokes .
Those are your fellow human beings in the firing line .
Indeed , the singing is grand and compelling .
Despite the times and the influences , the man is kind and good .
What makes this film worthy is that is shows both sides of this ages old conflict .
Kinnear is so goofy likable that his turn in the end is truly gratifying .
Favorite scene is probably that headbutt scene , because it was so unexpected .
The true tale of bond between father and son .
Again and again , you will find yourself moved .
Enjoyable in all aspects , from start to finish .
The film , while having suspenseful parts , was not made into an action movie .
I enjoyed how she always seemed to turn things around and upside down , so she messed herself up at times .
This is an excellent little film about the loneliness of the single man .
Superbly done , in true bond fashion .
Maybe the greatest film ever about jazz .
It is true to life that there are not always happy endings .
The entire gamut of emotions is conveyed through subtle mannerisms and the eyes .
Not a good choice for the little ones .
There is so much beyond the climb that makes everything they go through so much more tense .
The innocent have always had to suffer for the ambitions of the mighty .
If you have seen the series and you missed this when it first ran , then get a hold on a copy somehow .
This movie is the first time movie experience for several people in the cast .
The movie makers really knew what they were doing when they made this movie but still it 's not perfect .
However , this should come real close to being his greatest .
The cinematography is just ... too perfect for my liking .
The imagination on display , the visual interpretation of the script , the humor is constantly surprising .
The story is beautiful , sad , and at times funny and comic .
It is outstanding , from the music to the locations to the sets , and so on .
I loved them all for every diverse element brought into the film .
Only he could go this far over the top and still come away from the film with his acting integrity in tact .
He used to be an unstoppable hurricane of punches , kicks and incredible stunts .
If you 've got the chance you really should see it .
This is truly a movie that covers several themes simultaneously .
He has weaknesses , and strengths , making the story all the more believable .
Since he is so young , it 's easy for him to fall into his father 's trap .
The space battles towards the end are very impressive .
It 's solid , but certainly not spectacular .
The sound effects and audio are amazing .
It is romanticized and , yes , even a bit hokey at times .
She 's also got secrets , like three dead husbands .
I was totally involved in the story 's unfolding and presentation .
Still , it makes up for the rather bad swinging with the other elements especially the story .
I 'm not tired to say this is one of the best political thrillers ever made .
I saw this movie a few months ago on cable , and it was fantastic .
Kubrick again puts on display his stunning ability to craft a perfect ambiance for a film .
Do not see this movie expecting the same performance as in the first film .
One of the best things about the film is its complexity .
She connected well with the action sequences and executed with confidence .
Also refreshing is seeing two gay men being portrayed as people and not cartoons .
A very good thriller that will creep the heck out of you , do not watch it alone .
It begins with a family wanting to buy a little place in the country and it builds from there .
The movie to me was a success because it showed the real issues and how a person who is depressed and manic acts .
He 's absolutely hilarious and sweet to boot .
But like the best films in the genre the brutality is offset by a good score and attractive photography .
Both kids and adults will love this show .
For the moviegoer , it 's a moving , violent story of love and human redemption .
Dana 's role is accessible , natural , and entertaining .
This thankfully was not unnecessary like most subplots are to these kinds of films .
The movie certainly picks up pace and improves as it nears its grim conclusion .
Lily instead of letting her publish her diary entries about the higher ups at the bank .
The film is five years old and rings more true every day .
If you can send me an email , please do .
She wants her freedom but it comes at a cost .
She brings the score down a point every time even when overall the movie is enjoyable to me .
Roy will always remain high on my list of favorite films .
You will enjoy this , but you ca not miss that .
I recently caught up with this little gem of a film on cable .
I thought the story really pulled me in and it was a very cool movie .
A really nifty and entertaining little winner .
Not perfect by a long shot , but definitely good for a smile on a bad day .
The cast is a great mix of characters and the story is decent .
Great to see him playing something different .
In this the series does quite well .
It 's a crime comedy that 's often very funny .
Ashely is so radiant and touching here , that it 's hard to think of her subsequent career without wincing .
She is a dance teacher at her father 's dance studio .
A talented dancer , she was never a real beauty .
I must admit , this is one of my favorite horror films of all time .
Definitely dated now , but at the time
The love is incredibly strong , and stands as the centerpiece of the film .
This review is not meant to deter anyone from watching this movie , as everyone 's opinion on art differs .
I enjoyed it , but if you did not , that is your fault .
The vengeance reunites the two lovers in death .
I had always thought of her as a comedian , but this certainly is not a comedy and she is just wonderful .
This is one of the best of its kind .
Still it is very watchable and a nice change of pace for the frequent movie goer .
The story is true to the book , which was riveting , but the way it 's edited can lose the viewer .
I recommend it to everybody whether you are a fan of this genre or not .
I thought this was a very good movie .
It leaves the viewer a lot to think about .
The direction is nearly perfect , with several very memorable moments .
How these guys were able to capture this footage was incredible .
The other players are letter perfect .
Another beautiful , funny , and truly original film from a thrilling director who has not come close to his apex .
These performances carry the mini series along , easily overcoming occasional weaknesses in the script .
Nonetheless , because of his good cast and fast pace , it 's easy to get caught up in the clichés .
Yea , sure , you get laughed at when it is found out about , but it still suggests that you wait .
I would like to see this movie win the awards it deserves .
This was a film that you can truly wet yourself laughing at .
After watching this movie , i was in tears , and had to check on my little girl in bed ...
It is also quite common knowledge that a promotional poster for the film was released .
He obviously also feels at ease in this totally different genre than most people are accustomed to seeing him in .
His sister packs him some food and he goes .
I loved everything about it ... it was just so confusing and so twisted and weird , it was hard not to love it .
This intelligent and exciting movie supports that argument .
I was a bit scared to watch this movie due to its rates .
If you refuse it will be a lifelong sorrow to me .
It 's rather refreshing to see animation getting back to it 's roots by reintroducing adult themes .
It is definitely one of the top ten comedies made .
Costume outfits of his female mafia were designed surprisingly well , especially by today 's standards .
The opening music rocked , and the finishing theme from the final episode just ...
This version of the story is also more believable in it 's portrayal of the lead characters .
While the story is simple it is pure and straightforward .
I also love the new scene at the end .
The characters are superb and show unusual depth while retaining a scarily realistic edge .
The atmosphere in this movie is something that is missing from a lot of movies now .
It kept me entertained , it 's got a nice look , and it 's sexy .
Lubitsch managed to get the best and he obviously gave his best .
The definitive definition of an epic is what this story is and it 's pulled off pretty well .
The little boy that plays his son was fantastic .
In this case , he seeks to replay a game that cost his high school a prestigious title .
But rather than seem disingenuous , it makes for some great laughs .
She is still good enough to get boys ' attentions but she also knows how present poise and self respect .
There is a gritty reality to the sport as well .
Magda is a prostitute , the character i liked the best .
It has many of the same qualities as the first series .
I take the view that if you are going to put history on television , get it right .
The film is really witty and you need to be equally clever to get all the satire .
She 's also quite distant and self satisfied .
Maybe this is a good movie at heart but executed in a rather awkward way .
The friction between them is a hoot .
From there the plot gets crazier and sillier and they go on the run after the police think they are the killers .
We follow her trail of men up the ladder of success in an international bank .
This movie is an incredible piece of work .
It will make you cry , laugh , and believe .
The cinematography has wonderful moments , and the screenplay has stunning lines .
I watched this smiling , but feeling a little dirty and not in the sexual way .
I 've noticed other commentators on this site are pretty rough on him , but our family gives him top ratings .
Well it is not , but then it 's equally difficult to say it is good .
This film hits home as one of the most powerful and emotionally affecting films in recent times .
They find humor and have strong family values and morals .
Una giornata particolare is a film which has made brilliant use of closed spaces .
This soon leads to a split in the family .
An often far too underrated film , it produces no end to enjoyment for people of all ages .
When a key incident happens on the bus we are sent on a circuit of viewpoints .
Absolutely one of my favorite movies of all time .
The casting coup with intelligent people having good looks being picked as contestants is appreciated as well .
This slick and gritty film consistently delivers .
Her great looks and absolutely amazing acting ability helped to make the show the success that it was .
We got to see them experience a few good times .
Soldier is not a great movie , and everyone that hated it has plenty of good reasons .
Although the movie was great all in all .
It is intelligent , delivered quickly and well enunciated by each character .
Solino really moved me with its deeply drawn characters .
If you like good old fashioned comedy without the cursing and the gratuitous sex , this movie is a must see .
May and her husband go to visit their children and grandchildren .
Sometimes you wonder how you ever got hooked .
It 's the greatest comedy around without ever being intentionally funny .
Also the graphics in this game pretty good .
This movie is hard to find , but its worth watching it .
Plays the role of the modern wizard to the hilt .
This little treasure was pleasantly paced with a somber , dark atmosphere .
A film that shocks and hits you in the guts very hard .
Lucas is a great performer who could have sunk his teeth in to this role had it been fleshed out for him .
By exploring our imagination we shape our own futures .
This movie is very refreshing piece of visual poetics .
He has a winning personality and a great smile .
I 've watched it several times now .
And it is a well deserved ending after what the audience and the fox family was put through .
It tells the story of how his past is closely tied with his present .
Yet what makes the film so endearing is the relationship between the characters .
It was a really great movie and a great mystery .
Love and joint family that loving and great .
Well , actually this whole movie is rare in ' movieworld ' .
Meantime , it was quirky with sight gags you could miss , so pay attention when you watch .
But it is a story that is not highly original , and verges on the corny .
In any case he has a nice enough and calm voice for it .
I laughed a lot along the story , but there are some scenes that are really hilarious .
But this was a refreshingly fun film about growing up , culture clash , and the love of football .
Bow takes us back to where it all began .
There is a lot to learn from this story for all peoples .
The best thing about the movie is its quick pace .
I know it 's a comedy but it 's little differences that separate the good films from the brilliant .
This movie has good mix of comedy , romance , drama , and especially action .
It is an intimate story of how human beings grow up and whatever special circumstances surround and shape them .
At one time , she even gave up her love when the hero 's ruthlessness touched the roof top .
This is an exquisite film about the search for some bliss in everyday life .
That she succeeds so brilliantly is a key component of her legend .
Rosenstrasse is not a masterpiece , and some narrative flaws are well discerned .
Despite all of this , it is still a very good production .
And yeah , it grows deeper in your heart , the more often you watch it .
By all means lot of fun , but it makes you take the series a little less serious .
He performed well and with quite an ease .
Fortunately , his health was in an upswing when he made this film , and it shows .
But what works beautifully in the novel does not necessarily work beautifully on the screen .
Shadow was my favorite character in the movie .
A very tense action scene that seemed well done .
You will get touched at the same time as you have lots of laughs .
The film is worth seeing , but perhaps not seeking out .
This is a particularly well acted and beautifully shot film .
Saw this movie on its release and have treasured it since .
The action is intense and the chills are true .
Some consider it the finest example of the documentary form .
The first kill , in my opinion , is the best .
In this case , everything works well to engage the viewer , especially high school students .
Stories are well thought out , plenty of trek elements in this to keep it in the right context .
It is brutal in other ways though as you see killing at a personal level .
Do not let the cynics of the world deter you from seeing this .
It is adorable and just plain fun to watch .
Strong performances and excellent cinematography make this film a must see for any film student or horror fan .
Along the way , he meets several wonderful people and numerous nasty people .
For the average guy and girl , times were tough .
Most of the film series ' from the studio days were usually confined to one or two studios .
One would easily be related to his character 's emotions therefore enjoyed all the killings on the road .
Fallon surprisingly rises to his character 's gradual emotional maturity .
This is a very entertaining flick , considering the budget and its length .
The story is interesting and deals with time traveling .
Glorious scenes , wonderful cinemtrophy and a cast you want to eat with your heart .
This is a wonderful story of a woman 's bravery , courage and extreme loyalty .
But the first five seasons or so , among the best comedy ever broadcast .
Exploring life on the other side of the tracks can be either fun or dangerous .
You will understand it even without that knowledge .
Some of her other films are worth catching .
In today 's world of digital fabrication , there is no computer than can replace the actor and writer .
Yet it can still have you laughing out loud .
There is a certain genius behind this movie .
The soundtrack selection was outstanding throughout the episode .
It is also a watchable story , even if it is not perfect .
It 's more about the themes of rock music and how they develop that makes this film so interesting .
She has our sympathy , hopes and best wishes even if she does not make the best decisions along the way .
It asks you to overcome the fear of perception and become who you are meant to be .
In my view , the best movie ever made .
But all these genre conventions are given a fresh spin and added depth .
The series has a nice blending of action , humor and drama .
It is a warm and very worthwhile film to see .
It 's like spinal tap but the rap version .
I completely disagree with the other comments posted on this movie .
Still , it adds charm to the movie .
He shows a maturity beyond his years .
I 'm still guaranteed to be in tears at many points throughout .
This is as close to perfection as you can hope to get .
This is a movie i would definitely see if it were real .
It 's a great human interest story that turns on a commitment to honor , loyalty , love , and determination .
In the end , you will find this story , this movie , is what all fairy tales should be but all too often are not .
I was shocked by the fight sequences they were great .
This gives the show a original twist that you ca not often find in animated shows .
The music is pretty good and the gore is good .
I was on the edge of my seat and constantly laughing throughout the entire movie .
This film is harmless escapist fun .
The film and its actors won several awards .
Bette thrills us with her jokes and brings us to tears with her ballads .
Bette thrills us with her jokes and brings us to tears with her ballads .
And no , the film does not feel dated one bit , and yes , it was worth the wait .
The absence of violence and sex was refreshing .
This movie needs your full attention .
It is true , that the first half is stronger than the second in terms of emotional impact .
It 's not for everyone , but if you 're a fan of trash cinema then it 's definitely worth checking out .
This fantastic whodunit is an early prototype of what soon became a very popular film genre .
The nice thing about this series is that it s totally new .
You may not be able to get past the dated devices as such , but this is a story worth getting into .
It seems intent on portraying the pain they suffer , yet focuses on the literal preparation .
In other versions you hate him from start to finish .
Gunbuster is one of those anime series which has classic written all over it .
Belushi brought some good humour to his part and dalton hammed it up nicely , but was probably underused .
The entire cast is superb and the direction is gentle and provocative .
This magical tale has followed me from my early childhood , evoking warm memories in my heart .
The only rating this game deserves is great .
You will still be laughing at it when the disc wears out .
Hey for it 's time it was a great movie .
Every single revelation is timed so well that you have to see the next episode to get any kind of closure .
I would have loved to see more of both of them .
All you need is a smart script , good actors and loads of atmosphere .
Today these circuses have become common but that makes the lesson only more important .
Everyday we can watch a great number of film , soap ... on tv .
Thankfully the film never really explores this element of the relationship but it does make you a little uneasy .
It 's not harmonic and it 's parts tend to live a life of there own .
The humour may not match everybody 's taste but watch anyway .
It ties in with the aspect that you are a deadly and ruthless spy .
It was also refreshing to hear an theory on the evolution of society not based around religion .
This film is as good as it is difficult to find .
Each person makes this show worth watching .
See it in the right frame of mind and you will laugh out loud .
Sirk understood the elements of melodrama perfectly .
He sure can and is likable in this movie .
His roles all influence eachother , but each is seperate , and utterly unique .
Original , certainly , but not brilliant .
I also enjoyed the plot as a whole .
Well worthwhile , but definitely not a film for everyone .
The characters have so many complexities , everyone can relate to them in their own way .
I was thoroughly amused from the beginning to end , and had a great time laughing .
It was funny , charming , touching , and sad , all very nicely done .
Truly a moving experience for anyone with a conscience .
I also recommend that it is shown to office managers and business people in any establishment .
The end is what makes this movie so good , you ca not expect it .
It is simply a great , timeless adventure .
The language is very mild and sometimes do not even know it is there .
This game was really great and quite a challenge .
The movie itself offers an alternative and more modern version of the series .
A good picture is worth all the words .
And , the plot is ingenious all the way around .
So we ourselves are contributing to our own fears and anxiety .
Others see it as a story of grace , restoration , and hope ...
Something the whole family can watch and enjoy .
It has plenty of characters and each and every character is representing a different category of person .
When you see a movie like this for a small budget you have to take that in to account when you are viewing it .
And it captures the city as the cage of this imperfect persons .
The simple yet eloquent story is masterfully told .
He is very good with words and body language .
To watch this small family struggle in the winter was heart rending .
A chilling movie that will make think twice about going up to a catwalk .
This comic book style film is funny , has nicely paced action and a great futuristic style to it .
The diner has had no customers since eleven o'clock that morning .
I think it 's the greatest horror series ever .
Believe it or not , but this film could easily become a cult favorite , for all ages .
Opinion shared by my husband and a couple of other friends .
It is a character study well worth experiencing .
This film captures the absolute essence of what summer camp is all about .
I highly recommend this movie to anyone who can appreciate a good scary movie that pulls no punches .
And it has just enough of an edge to be a true indie find .
It had everyone in the small theater laughing , and got applause and laughs right through the final scene .
It gives you the ability to travel to distant worlds .
It 's so original and so entertaining .
This one feels fresh and in color and will find its public .
Dee is great as the tenacious grandmother .
However , as a documentary , the film is a wonder to behold , and is highly recommended .
I really appreciated the break downs and definitions too .
After a beautiful moment together in the very first backseat fun time , they go to the deck of the ship .
This is a great movie for the beginner because the story is so entertaining .
I was very surprised with this film .
Although the story itself is not unique , it offers a fresh approach .
He really brought her into his dark world .
He listens to rap music , sings along , and plays the stereotypical part of an urban black man .
The movie is not without its share of realism .
I loved it , you will too , whatever your feelings are .
It 's a delight to watch these two pick at each other , their scenes together make this film an absolute delight .
At the very beginning you can clearly see his work has got the better of him .
It is the many details such as these that make the film so good for repeated viewings .
It 's educational maybe , and the film carries a message .
I think it was cute and fun and it carried a good message for young girls like my daughter .
This is definitely the best cartoon .
All human beings , no matter how violent or cruel they may seem , have a tender side .
The acceptance speech is a hoot , though .
It is hysterical , hilarious , very entertaining and quite amusing .
Something you do not rarely see in films today .
Connolly shows that he can play understated characters better than his outrageously comedic ones .
I 've read comments saying this movie stays with you .
He 's clearly having a lot of fun in the role , and he seems bent on making sure you have fun watching him .
Creaky , static , but rather entertaining nonetheless thanks to the cast .
The whole story winds up the series in a most satisfying and original way .
It tells an important message that needs to be heard worldwide .
Wendigo is a pretty good thriller that has some chilling moments .
Paul , the wildcard in the film , continues to seemingly use and abuse the friendship for his final endgame .
Even for those who are not familiar with flight games .
The end scene is repulsive and yet chilling .
I thought it had such a cool and highly original storyline .
The injection of comedy also makes watching the film an enjoyable experience ..
It helps to make this movie an effective one to watch .
Holes is a movie that is smart and beautiful .
The direction throughout is superb .
But then again , this movie genre is right down my alley .
In fact , everyone 's eyes are so good .
Not spooky , but very mysterious and well played movie .
There are other brilliant and better reasons to watch this film .
But overall , an excellent exercise in classic movie making .
When they are all out the doors close again .
But its real message is one of love and perseverance .
Gerard 's wish to honor his family and medium of film that he has loved all of his life .
It 's about female empowerment , chasing your dreams , and supporting your friends .
Ann from slumber being mirrored later on , and the cryptic dreams which bridge both worlds together .
So now this will challenge me to find some one out there who may be able to help mer with this matter .
It 's a nice break from the reality show blitz of late .
A very common story carried very well and transformed to a wonderful experience .
This film has special effects which for it 's time are very impressive .
Contains some good lighthearted humor .
Even more fascinating have always been the tales of impossible love , love that can not be .
It 's independent movie making at it 's best and probably my all time favorite foreign film .
The writing is very good and there are some nice twists near the end that make it all very exciting .
Along with a nice twist at the end it s a cool package overall .
The power to dream is a wonderful thing .
Each one mesmerizing and intense in their pursuits of life .
A very realistic portrait of a broken family and the effect it has on the kid caught in between .
A very realistic portrait of a broken family and the effect it has on the kid caught in between .
A very realistic portrait of a broken family and the effect it has on the kid caught in between .
The special effects were wonderful .
Yet , these actors handle this whole situation perfectly .
There is a lack of rhythm that generates an atmosphere that is fascinating an utterly enjoyable .
I have to tell you , this is a great movie .
Maybe he has a very sensitive psyche and all these stresses are taking a toll on him .
Haunting long takes , a gritty soundtrack to accentuate the guilt , barking dogs .
It 's a brilliant mix of fantasy , comedy , romance , horror , erotic , scary and martial arts .
It s surprising how she can be just as convincing when she is innocent .
His acting was marvelous , as usual .
It 's a brilliant mix of fantasy , comedy , romance , horror and martial arts .
We expect that from her and she delivered .
While almost all of the musical sequences appear at the end of the film , they are well worth the wait .
I just thought it was amazing how deep this movie really was .
Somewhat reluctantly the band agree to give the reunion a try .
Do not miss out on the best of the series .
The actors were on top of their character 's backs in nearly perfect timing and looked great .
Overall , a fine parable and a thoroughly appropriate story for all audiences .
How to lose friends and alienate people is decent comedy with a bit of romantic approach .
This film is a movie goers film , it requires attention and understanding and rewards fully in the end .
Arthur is one of the best actresses of this era and she shines here .
Ryan pays respect to a situation he has never endured and attempts to delve into the human psyche .
One day , she learns of an abandoned baby gorilla .
His narration has a friendly feel that fits the picture perfectly .
I absolutely loved this film and i ca not wait to see it again .
It contains some unbelievable stunts and jaw dropping fight sequences as well as some very funny scenes as well .
The trek home is all beautiful with all the wonderful wildlife scenes .
It 's enjoyable , interesting , informative , poignant , and worthwhile .
And it is certainly the man himself we hear .
Busey also gives a good solid performance and it reminds me of what a strong persona he gives off on screen .
I love just about every one of the shorts that they have made .
I love just about every one of the shorts that they have made .
Never mind though , good gripping story .
And , much more serious , he begins to see and hear his play even in regular everyday life .
The dynamics of how the actors interacted was quite amazing at times , and sometimes humorous .
He never sees her for what she is , until the very end of the story .
A very fun movie , and a nuevo classic .
Everyone who has a sibling can relate to it .
It 's still funny and its satirical points still resonate .
It is an awkward position for any movie , but this impressive , talented cast makes it work .
Movies that take you beyond having to think .
The adult leads were also believable and therefore helped to keep the show entertaining .
She is quiet during parts of the film with only her eyes and body to convey her emotions .
I laughed and cried through a whole register , indeed several octaves of emotions .
Ginger is in it for the fun of killing .
It s a simple story with so much more going on .
Gilley's is the hot spot , and it is the time of the mechanical bull .
He uses dialogue only when it 's necessary , otherwise the images do the job and make the film powerful .
They are artistically made , with also often deeper meaning to its themes .
It certainly adds to the gritty flavor of the atmosphere .
The movie 's strength and originality is in its intense visual presentation .
Kim the statue and tells her that a man at the counter gave it him the owner says the she only works there .
Hanks again proves to be excellent in a very memorable movie .
Other than that , all the usual story elements are there and the show is hilarious .
The supporting cast served it s job very well .
It should be shared with the world .
Every element came together in this movie so beautifully .
I have loved this movie all of my life .
Nevertheless , this film is worth seeing .
If you have not seen this movie , it is essential .
But surprisingly , the two had the kind of chemistry that showed intense caring without a kiss .
The main stars , of course , are also wonderful .
She was one of the best characters .
He is a charming , feckless , but wholly amiable fellow .
One which avoids detection , but affects you deeply .
The ending is fantastic , it is so easy to dwindle on it for a long time to come and get nowhere .
Evening is an entertaining movie with quite some depth .
Ritter 's performance , like everything else in the film , is gritty , real and heartbreakingly honest .
What a lovely heart warming television movie .
Chan is the king of martial arts movies and the true king of kung fu .
In a freaky twisted way he is a necessity of our society .
The characters are strong and likable , their conflicts believable and their adventures thrilling .
Has all the ups and downs , with a happy ending , and the kind of message you want to hear .
She 's terrific but this is also not one of her best acting gigs .
This movie was more of a passage into manhood for one gay man , and how he must deal with everyone .
If you do like this one , you will probably enjoy
It is possible that my sensibilities would not have appreciated its power .
And the simplicity of the final scene emphasizes that the real story here is not the destination but the journey .
The funhouse dance is worth more than most movies .
There are few comedies like this , where almost every line and every character come close to flawless .
The actors are beautiful and the sets magnificent .
She step 's into a whole new world her first client being another woman .
A truly moving little story that deserves more credit than it is being given .
I enjoyed the movie a lot because of the intricate plot , the varied characters , and the intense camera effects .
There are few words , this allowing the grandeur in what is shown to preach in its own way .
It is true that their records were great , but their shows were the top of the heap .
Family and friends feel the same way about it .
His subtle wit comes through in spades .
Even today , no movie has outdone police story in dangerous stunts .
Loved ones are shot in the street , before they can carry the plague to another .
Simple , meaningful and delivers an emotional punch .
Atlantis gets and keeps your attention .
The music score makes the atmosphere twice as terror inducing .
It shows how stifling ones culture can be , and wanting to break out of the mold its created for you .
I absolutely loved the soundtrack as well as the carefully placed cynicism .
The characters in this film are beautifully personified .
Giallo fans , seek out this rare film .
The chemistry between the two was always apparent , and so warm and enjoyable to behold .
Branagh may be the perfect compliment to her performance .
It is long , but it is worth your patience because it tells such an incredible story .
The actors deliver wonderful performances .
Those who like movies , that keeps you guessing , will like this one ......
Full of profound emotions from every angle .
I think that this movie will be a hit , and will be seen over and over again my many people .
Pure classic silliness at its best .
Paris has been intricately animated and laid out in brilliant black and white .
I think that all the acting was well done , the actors acted out their characters ' personalities perfectly .
The performances in this movie were fantastic .
Again , a truly incredible piece of film making .
His moment of truth is very moving .
But , as entertainment goes , it does a good job .
And knew it had to do with the heart , hence the quietly hilarious talent search .
Their chemistry was just brilliant as well .
I saw this show on randomly last fall , and immediately loved it , and watched it every week .
At first glance it may seem very dark .
This movie does contradict the first .
I thoroughly enjoyed this movie because there was a genuine sincerity in the acting .
The film is fun because of the three principals in it .
I really liked about that part of the movie ...
So refreshing , it should be taken in during the day at home and make it for an couch matinée
Sweeney tell it straight and simple for the most part .
It 's all harmless fun , good for kids and some adults .
Overall police story is without a doubt one of the best action movies ever made .
The shorts do not exactly relate but they all have something in common , love .
And soccer is the red line in this movie .
For me , this made the movie worth the time it took to watch .
Enjoy it for its historical significance , as well as for its strong entertainment value .
What follows is amazingly intelligent and captivating .
While the prisoners wait , the older one tells a story of three men he knew .
This is television excellence at its best .
I especially , liked the way it ended .
You think the work you do is the hardest part of your life , but it is not .
In today 's climate with so many guns around there is a new reality .
This is no holds barred fun for everyone .
I have seen this movie many times and each time i watch it i ca not help but be entertained by it .
This gives the film great dimension and another lovable feature .
The animation sequences are also a delight .
Anyways , that 's my interpretation .
We talked about each episode and had our favorite characters .
If you liked the drama , you will probably find something you like and maybe even identify with .
Everyone pulls their weight and the chemistry is perfect .
Highly recommended to fans of disturbing exploitation cinema .
The flow of the film works perfectly and editing was very well done .
It 's not your standard film noir , nor is it intended to be .
But the reason you buy a movie with a title like this is for the gore and this film is amazing in that area .
It s just a nice little movie and that s really all you need to know .
Both share the theme of the old powerful father head trying to keep his empire going while protecting his family .
The greatest one of all , the beauty from within , like a pearl .
It 's rare to find characters that you just want to spend time with .
This is one of the best movies out there and that 's saying a lot being that it was for television .
The characters are perfectly contrasted , and the effective acting makes them endearing .
It is rather good , but it could have used a bit more .
Peck gives a strong characterization of the man , his genius as well as his egotism .
A show that defines excellence , and dares to be different .
The movie kept haunting me for many days .
That is how this picture is to be enjoyed .
It really caught pace after the first half hour .
The soundtrack is highly recommendable too .
I first saw this movie on television some years ago and frankly loved it .
If you want to be scared , watch this film .
It was really exciting and keeps viewers interested because of what will happen next .
The episodes are character driven and the characters develop over many episodes .
Well shown emotions and passion of people and crowd .
Dance makes one of the most terrifying villains anyone can imagine .
The wall being opposite a firing squad , with little chance of the spy winning the game .
My only complaint about this movie is that it is so difficult to find a copy .
He gives the world hope for the people of power .
That she will one day wake up and come to her senses .
His facial expressions and body language could be extremely subtle .
Noir , if anything , is about moods and attitudes .
A great man , down to earth and a good laugh .
For the film critic , there 's plenty of sharp technique and technical merit .
There are no jokes whatsoever , so if you are not hooked by the uniqueness of it all , you will hate this movie .
To combine the past with the future is a new twist that is fascinating to me .
This film is highly deserving of a better rating .
It 's complex , it 's sweet , it 's cold , it 's absorbing , and it 's very long , perhaps too long .
It does have plenty of laughs in it ..
No one is discovering their passion , they are finding their quiet soul .
And as in real life , most fathers can never get past their walls to reach out to their children .
It will reward the attentive and sensitive viewer .
She invites him to her apartment and of course , he shows up .
And as the scene of the crime , it is a most inviting deathtrap indeed .
He was a cutie and very easy on the eyes .
Also , trips away are often necessary in order to buy or sell cattle and so forth .
The real star is the bungalow , one of the most beautiful interior sets in movie history .
As uneven and flawed as the film is , it is largely successful and entertaining to watch .
Not the stereotypical widowed housewife that was perfect in marriage and motherhood at all .
He was an excellent comedic actor , and a truly nice , sincere person .
The visuals are engrosing and sometimes haunting .
I think the studio had never quite used animals in this way before , as totems rather than sidekicks .
It has some great lessons in it and shows us that we can do anything if we try .
The best part , facial expressions .
The film is not visually stunning in the conventional sense .
I recommended this film a lot , specially in this difficult times for the planet .
Once again , the greatest romantic movie in my books .
I admit the animation was a bit typical but the story is just so charming and fun .
I myself feel this film is a rare treasure .
The monsters are also fully realised and wonderful to watch in action .
You can download all his work at his website .
I just ca not understand the negative comments about this film .
The sharp sardonic dialogue gives the actors great fun to let loose .
That does not stop me from enjoying this film , it has a lot going for it .
It is far superior in action than most movies since .
Nonetheless , it 's a stunning performance .
Also impressing is the climax with its wonderful flying carpet .
Moves at a nice pace to an exciting climax .
The van trotta movie rosenstrasse is the best movie i have seen in years .
The supporting cast was incredible .
It 's all based on tension and mood and is a lot of fun .
The story blends action , humor , mysticism , and tenderness with great sets and beautiful location shots .
Highly recommended to fans of omnibus fright fare .
This is an excellent film and one should not be put off by its strangeness .
I was surprised at how fascinating this movie was .
By the end of this movie you will feel good .
This episode further proves there will be a tense romantic interest in each other for a long time to come .
I say it is an act of love intended for any innocent heart .
But they all thanked me and loved the movie .
In the face of death they react as real human beings would .
I watch this film at least once a week with my kids and we never tire of it .
He collects amazing toys from around the world .
She returns home and eventually seeks out our young fellow , and finds the ecstasy she was denied .
I can not comment on this film without discussing its significance to me personally .
It also has some other surprising actors in the movie , that are not often get connected with this genre .
The sheep ends up dead and the woman gets scared .
Sometimes the good guys do win , and they win by honest efforts .
Adam does a great job of , not only developing the main characters , but also the minor characters .
I still liked it despite the fact that it looked a bit old .
Later seasons tended to split the leads and give them individual story lines .
The film is shot beautifully and delves into all you 're classic crime themes such as betrayal and power .
But the way they are executed is the movie 's great plus .
I did not think the comment was necessary and actually slightly lowered my opinion of the movie .
There 's no great soundtrack playing in the background , creating the romantic ambiance .
Warburton is always hilarious , and in this complements the rest of the ensemble cast to perfection .
Several brought up some emotions for me ...
But , there is even more fun ahead .
It is small , convincingly lowlife , and , in this case , unforgettable .
Perhaps what this has most going for it is how polished it is .
It 's a great tale of courage and honor .
I have seen this movie a whole dozen times and it 's awesome .
I would recommend checking it out if you get a chance .
The camera work is flawless and grips you .
It was good as well , but the movie puts better pictures in your mind .
Dolls that come to life when the master is not around .
This movie is light , funny , and beautifully filmed .
It 's exciting , breathtaking in spots , shocking and , of course , funny .
She shines above him as does the rest of the cast .
And it 's a great , fun , adventurous narrative .
Strong performances from a stellar cast .
We are reminded of it 's importance but never fully understand .
This film is probably best characterized as a sweet , light comedy .
It also shows an animals survival instinct and tracking abilities .
Jedi is definitely more darker then the rest of the movies .
This is a great film , very original .
Also watch out for a scene featuring a fish .
This is a great movie for the true romantics and sports lovers alike .
Harry 's always on the job it seems .
I am still haunted by the final scene .
It 's perhaps not the greatest movie ever , but they still can be proud of what they achieved .
Palance got rave reviews in the first film where he received notice .
All i want to say about this movie is that it is and will be my all time number one .
Jazz aficionados will treasure this classic short showing some of the best men of jazz just doing their thing .
Overall , this is what kept me so interested in the movie .
He simply goes ahead and picks the peas and tells his family about the accident later .
But the film brought me a pleasant surprise .
She 's ready to battle anyone , especially her father who is paying for her brother 's boxing lessons .
Probably the single most perfect scene of the film occurs right after the lead couple has an argument .
In this film it 's all about innocence .
Up today gives you the similar feeling that he is passe .
The framing love story is spare , but it works , and ultimately is quite moving .
Her performance alone is worth the watch .
The music was good but not that great .
The music perfectly complements the footage , but never draws attention towards itself .
His redemption at the end was moving and really brings a happy yet bittersweet feeling to you .
The pace is quick and several of the scenes are unforgettable .
Demonicus is well a very different but entertaining movie .
I love the way that this game can make you literally jump out of your seat while you are playing it .
Tintin was one of my favorite heroes as a kid .
I finally watched it this week and what a delight .
He is honest to a fault , but always on the dark side of fate .
Stallone certainly made an short comeback of this sharp thriller .
He also gives a lot of credit to the real castle in which the movie was filmed .
Definetly a movie that makes you think .
It 's the unforgettable movie about two adults and two spunky kids on an adventure for fun .
My advice is to go out and get this film immediately and watch it and enjoy .
You will feel good after seeing this movie .
The usual based on a true story makes me think it should mostly be true .
I ended up enjoying it quite a bit .
They deserved winning the best documentary .
Film usually takes the easy way out and opts for the simpler pleasure of understanding what 's happening .
During the ride , the tension begins to mount , as the soundtrack in the movie adds to the overall anticipation .
If you liked this movie you should watch prime .
All of these detractors are relatively minor , however , and it 's still a great movie .
You will get something awesome out of it but only if you put up with the silly and the unnecessarily cheezy .
Not so much in terms of story but in achieving a very unique and imo fresh visual style .
They really loved it and that made me feel good .
The guy who plays the hotel manager is so believable , and really fills the role well .
We see places that we knew that existed but never thought they could be so beautiful .
I also liked how a lot of the movie was filmed around and on my school 's campus .
These women were extraordinary , and their interaction with each other bring humor and sadness .
This is absolutely one of my favorite movies .
Then the fun begins as everyone about him also go down .
Although the story is slight , the script is witty and the expert cast plays it with a neat screwball touch .
The lead actors have acted wonderfully .
Deathtrap is funny , sophisticated , witty , and classy .
If film is an art , this is close to a masterpiece .
So , while far from perfect , definitely an amusing popcorn movie with a little bit of thought behind it .
It will display the overwhelming love of life along with human eccentricities .
This is the quintessential giallo , featuring all the aspects fans of the genre have come to know and love .
Worth it , especially seen as though you can pick it up for about a quid on ebay .
Probably my favorite parts of the movie is when he dances in the club scene .
It is very entertaining and also very disturbing .
This story is real and changes the lives if it s viewers in a real way .
Finally , the main point of the story which is something rare and unique in itself .
This is wonderful medicine for the heart and soul .
Yet it has something to say , and it is said really beautifully .
The actors also all give such perfect performances that it more than makes up for some odd camera work .
If you 've never seen it , give it a shot .
The irony is she has just secured a top government job for him if he comes with her .
As one would expect , the soundtrack from the era is terrific .
True it 's only for the true fans , but if you are you will be pleased .
The sea is watching and will find protection for true love .
He is a joy to watch on the screen as he makes his way through situations without a care in the world .
I saw the movie and really could not stop my tears .
If you like serene but intense story lines , this is a must see film .
How he handled that situation was excellent .
Helps you understand the joys and desperation of urban life .
It 's not a great film but it 's an interesting and entertaining thriller .
The acting is first class and the characters are represented well .
This is probably his best performance .
The audience needs to get it in their own color .
That 's a true testament that a great movie can withstand the test of time .
Borgnine is very good and brave in it .
First , to assess a movie you need to understand the extent to which everything in the film works together .
Ford , as usual , packs a lot into a little bit of film .
The story is about growing up in a difficult situation .
This is one of the greatest films ever made .
This is one of the greatest films ever made .
And this was despite the fact that one of the projectors broke and they had to do each changeover by hand .
The plot has several interesting twists , and stays suspenseful and uncanny throughout the film .
In this movie , it shows it at the amature level .
Well , the acting was actually very good .
Cinema is the ultimate pervert art .
There is a really modern edge to the script , which strays into the wonderfully bizarre on several occasions .
The bike mechs are cool and the story works for the most part .
I 'm here to tell you now it 's been worth the wait .
The story is about men in a bath house .
Certainly worth a look for the lush sets and color and the two great stars .
All in all , solid mystery but does not rank along the best .
Once again , the casting is just wonderful .
The very plot in itself , the very story and essence of the film , is entertaining .
A movie one will remember with great affection .
At other times , colors are washed out .
The special effects are amazing too .
He does his job , has a wife , sons and daughters and grandchildren .
The visual effects are amazing , like no other film 's ...
But this film also has a plot that will enchant and entertain adults and children alike .
The movie is driven by characterization and symbolism which is very rich .
He gets the banter exactly right and real , and still makes it funny .
It always makes me get up and make sure my doors are locked .
His unique approach to life is quite logical .
This film is a joy from beginning to end .
It is a drama as well and talks about spirituality and spiritual identity in the modern world .
Samson both pays for his father 's idealism and suffers due to its influence on his life .
Great scene , and believe me , she does it again in this one .
Whether you know her as an icon or a simple porn star you know her .
The game was played by both sides , so it was camp .
A well chose cast with some great characters .
I stumbled upon this movie on cable and was totally hooked .
I am still searching for some copy of the gorgeous soundtrack .
Unabashed , gorgeous , and highly tense ...
You may just be able to see it for the stand alone , cult classic that it is .
Rent it , laugh and cry and if you luv it , buy it .
All a bit mad , and all the better for it .
It sometimes reminds people of the times they 've been alone or when they lose their pets .
The recreation of a similar situation in this film shocked me deeply .
It has a beautiful surreal quality .
You just have to love this masterpiece .
Still , on it 's own , without hip hop knowledge , it is still a funny funny movie .
Great story that always keeps you wondering and thinking .
It never goes to over the top and melodramatic , always keeping its warmth , charm and realism .
I 'm a fan of the genre but have only recently seen this film for the first time .
The film was full of beautiful touches .
The sarcastic , verbal wit can still be great , though much less of it is than before .
And , in all honesty , it was not worth the wait .
Damon shines and really has proved a very solid actor , daring you not to believe him in this role .
Its imperfections make it all the more perfect .
Action is tight and epic while comedy chokes on to the right places .
Nolte can talk with , but not see , the occupant of the cell above his in jail .
You were scared for him and for the other characters too .
Step by step the drama will be toned down , and the battles will take the front row .
It 's modern , light but filled with true complexities of life .
It is gripping , fascinating , and it will absorb you completely .
Definitely worth a watch , just do not expect to be blown away .
It s subtle in its approach , but very effective in reaching its goal .
It is about two brothers who each take a different path in life .
It is not necessary to have seen this movie to understand the plot of this one .
I had the good luck to see it on a big screen , and to find a video to watch again and again .
There are many scenes of incredible empathy and pain , along with scenes of joy and pleasure .
Cops and prisoners are all joined in a common excitement now .
Another great point about the movie is the beauty of the animation .
The spectacular acting helped that aspect of the movie .
Preminger keeps things moving at a brisk clip so that lapses in logic are easily overlooked .
He also makes a lot of questionable decisions about whom to fire , which is one of the negatives about the show .
I also find it wonderful because of the relationships that are developed out kindness and understanding .
Widmark and the rest are exceptional and the film is gripping from start to finish .
She ends up staying , but somewhat reluctantly .
It 's not memorable at all , but it 's entertaining .
He had the most wonderful sense of humor combined with a beautiful sense of spirituality ...
This movie is so funny , but it is also pure genius .
Me for almost every bridge and also for a great deal of the background material .
The finale is also overly long , but it is really enjoyable with all of its dance numbers .
My advice to you is to buy the ticket and take the ride .
I think it should be given a chance as there 're still so many viewers who love it .
Once you beat it , you will want to erase your game and start again .
A movie filled with passion , fear , sexuality , all the great ingredients for a great movie recipe .
It also showed the strong faith of two families who were first generation witnesses .
The background music of the film also plays a very good role , it is just too good .
Everybody is a loser , and this movie is about that simple truth .
This is just an incredible document of a little known group of people facing all kinds of challenges .
Water was so scarce that a simple bath had profound depth and meaning .
For a first film in a proposed series it achieves the right balance .
My dad actually recommended me to get it .
This gives us more insight and , hence more suspense and excitement as the events unfold in the present .
The movie captures the sense of paranoia and the special effects final is worth waiting for .
I recommend anyone to see this classic .
But , all good things must come to an end and there is no life for a legal expert and a couple of con men .
It 's a great movie to just while away the afternoon engrossed in fun and reverie .
Thoughtful and an excellent dramatisation and production .
It was not blood and guts , it was eerie , atmospheric and terrifying .
It is a great show for anyone of any age .
But overall , this ones a definite winner on every level .
The kids will enjoy the puffs of smoke and the magic and the corny love story .
It is rare that you find a family movie that is thorough and can be coined wholesome .
The confusion and the insecurities are portrayed in a very simple way but so true to life .
It 's a movie that guys and gals can both relate to .
Charlie has gone back to a time in his life when he had no family .
Eastwood makes great use of the juxtaposition of faces .
You will know the scene once the last cymbal crash has finished ringing out .
The cinematography is fresh and yes beautiful .
Redford himself does a superb job as a narrator .
I may look up the book that this was adapted from , it must have been great .
Not a great film , but one worth seeing .
Farrelly , the matriarch of this family .
It s a master piece that brought a tear to my eye .
The story is good and keeps your attention although there are some moments you need a little action .
I really enjoyed this movie as a young kid .
Novak was at the height of her beauty as it 's clear the camera adored her no matter what was she playing .
This film was meant to be a ' fantasy ' .... a ' what if ' fun film .
The screenplay is full with weird twists like this and it keeps the movie in a fast pace .
Filled with heart and laughs , this show keeps you laughing through the three decades of difference .
The whole cast was great , each character had their own personality and charm .
This movie is a great picture to show to kids because it emphasizes friendship , love , and again , caring .
The amazing cinematography can not be overlooked .
This is one of my favorite sports movies .
It is from this confined space that this movie thrives and makes you feel very claustrophobic and very paranoid .
I loved it and want my kids to see it .
Her screen presence is so electrifying , you are bound to love her performance .
The movie is hysterically funny and yet quite touching all at the same time .
Abhay is a born actor and will rise a lot in the coming future .
Pie movie , granted it is not as great as the first three is is a good movie .
Overall though a really good movie on a very tough topic .
Right from the first scene it affects you .
It is up to the brave new world of science to overcome man 's past mistakes .
Cool you say , but no , this is real life .
Zane 's character developed throughout the film .
One of the rare examples of a good book making an equally good film .
One of the reasons why this movies was so funny was that it makes fun of rap from a different .
The point is the protagonist 's moral dilemma , which is cleverly , albeit disturbingly , resolved .
They played a combination of rock and blues and it was , for the most part , good stuff .
You get a little bit of everything in this movie .
As a result , the acting is understated and implicit , as opposed to overt and explicit .
I found the film to be very enjoyable because it does not have a lot of violence in , nor sexual scenes .
If you got a chance to see this movie do it .
The world could never be the same after experiencing such magnificent beauty .
This movie really gives you a sense of family and home and friends .
Carpenter has this amazing ability to bring you into the world in which he weaves .
The background is always in motion , something is always going on which makes the world seem even more alive .
But it 's well worth it , for the fine craftwork that went into the first hour .
Both men seem to break out of their daily lives .
The film , even with its faults , will not disappoint .
The film is definitely original and different .
The film is definitely original and different .
Nonetheless , it 's a movie to make you want to watch it again sometime later .... a year later maybe .
Seeing the movie without knowing the story beforehand in no way detracted from the film .
This documentary makes you travel all around the globe .
It is an innocent film that was made as a parody of another film .
It 's not a classic but it 's definitely involving and quite an adrenalin fueled ride .
This definitely proves true in this case .
This movie makes fun of all of that in a way that seems like it 's an actually documentary .
Ahab no not really but if that is in your top ten like it is mine you will like this movie .
The story is well realised , a mix of fact and fantasy .
The movie is based on a french play and brings all the best qualities of that farce .
Any film buff or observer of human nature will enjoy this one especially if he 's a fan of contradiction .
This movie glorified the importance of the family and the importance of parents in the lives of their children .
He makes it very clear that there are no simple answers , that in real life there is no easy way out .
And , for me , it 's one of the best satires ever made .
They are well written and believable .
A man witnesses the crime on the other side of the road ...
For anyone who 's judged others at first meeting , here is the perfect tutorial on depth of character .
Well , if you are looking for a great mind control movie , this is it .
They are both exceptional in their own ways , but disagree on what will really build confidence in the kids .
Make sure and pay attention , as the subtle scares come quickly and often .
It 's inspiring , it 's emotional , and it 's funny .
This movie deals with more serious issues , and therefore has a little more emotional impact .
It s so funny when she is dealing the cards .
In later years it is his son who has to bail him out , again and again .
It is a treat to see a cast click like it does in this movie .
All three actors are among my favorites and having them in this movie made for a special treat .
But later it 's shown in all its crazy glory .
This is a movie i will recommend for others to watch .
Whitaker had often played the heavy in many episodes , and his absence left a void in the cast .
However , it 's also so bent on being realistic , it 's sometimes more clinical than entertaining .
I would recommend to give it a chance and be surprised how great a movie can be with such a small budget .
Not demand a lot from these films are light years away from the movies today , the world has changed incredibly .
Of course the best laid plans have a habit of spiralling out of control .
The movie so great because the viewer has to make up their own mind on what is going on .
This game is fun and it has a plot that you could actually expect to see in the comics .
The lead actors are uniformly excellent .
In both their faults and strengths , the characters compliment each other .
Nevertheless it is compelling viewing for the depiction of the events .
One gets a real life experience , and the best thing is , this experience is one full of values and hope .
Tight script , good direction , excellent performances , strong cast , effective use of locations ....
What s more is that this is a true story .
Least overt , but most powerful and unexpected , is the construction .
The movie has everything , romance , tears , love , death , and even sports ...
This is the best piece of film ever created
But the direction in both of these works has the same stark , simple realism that is so appealing .
My absolute favorite is the play at the end .
Excellent fight scenes and a lot of laughs .
Reeve also gives an excellent rendering of a man who is not nearly as wide eyed or innocent as he seems .
The sisters fight and get their feelings hurt .
One final note is the ending , which even now still shocked me .
I quite enjoyed this movie for two reasons .
As a human being , it touched my heart and soul .
Not a great movie , but worth seeing .
This is really a great film about normal people living normal lives trying to make the best of it .
I met a few of the actors , who were really nice and who were great in the movie .
It all goes into the pot , to be boiled down and served up in new and fascinating ways .
And a small nitpick , the humor does not seem to translate to the anime as well as the manga .
This was fascinating , albeit morbid , reading .
If you like mystery thrillers then this definitely a movie you want to see .
Washington as always puts on a great performance .
One of the funniest sequences takes place when a female prisoner is escorted to the men 's room by a soldier .
A sweet loving and dedicated wife and mother , with her own special beauty .
I love all the characters and have found that they can relate to many people now in this century .
I waited and waited for this film to come out , the trailers seemed to be on for years , it was worth it .
It is an intelligent , controversial , and even thought provoking film .
This film has , over the past ten years , become one of my favorite pseudo noir experiences .
Their involvement in the movie only made it that much more enjoyable .
And today , many people wo not even admit they enjoyed it .
It 's a successful combination of french comic and movie cultures .
I hope it brings a flood of great roles her way in the future .
His movies always give some message to the audience .
Their writings reveal more about their own sexist natures than anything about this wonderful family film .
Times have changes , but our choices as human beings have not .
Suitable for all ages , kiddies will no doubt love the funny visuals .
I have only managed to see this classic for the first time a few weeks ago .
There is a lot of heart in this movie , a lot of wit to .
The use of music is absolutely chilling in this scene .
This movie is sometimes poignant , sometimes upsetting , but always satisfying .
But in my opinion it is possibly the funniest .
The film gives an overwhelming sense of joy that you never really expect .
I only recall that he was the driver and of the bus ' being shot up and driven wildly .
The supporting cast for this film is stellar as well .
At one point you begin to see that he is truly an amazing individual .
It was in the perfect time slot in this market .
There were four amazing ones out of all the good ones .
It follows its own spirit across time , space , and character .
The friends in the movie are really well written to , they are realistic .
It 's a nice state with nice people .... like this movie .
It is slow and even , sweet and moving .
Nancy remains true to herself and her values throughout .
It touched me in a way that , even all these years later , still affects me .
It was such a well done movie that you were happy when so and so died .
Some great films were produced that way as well as some classic turkeys .
Along with the distractions and affections each share .
Quite a hard film to find , but it 's worth finding .
Great date movie , great movie for a happy cry ...
I heard it was put out in limited release .
It 's all done so well that the ride becomes more important than the actual destination .
People tend to complain about the number of films being made about mentally disabled people .
This is a real masterpiece of the period , and is a movie that deserves to be more widely known .
The movie did a good job making this simple day a good memory .
Worth watching , if you accept the rules of the game .
The atmosphere is suspenseful and the killing sequences are suitably nasty and unsettling .
This is a relationship which develops into a profound needing by both for the other .
Larry 's story works , because we know this story from our own lives .
It was a simple and breathtaking view of a beautiful idea .
I thought the entire cast did a great job .
This was also a beautifully shot movie .
What ever that may be , he 's still a very fine actor .
The fight between the brothers near the end of the movie was brilliant though .
That is why , though having good critics , his movies never caught the broad audience attention .
Why freedom of the press and freedom of speech are essential to democracy .
We look up into the universe in awe , seeking something greater than ourselves , however we choose to define it .
It 's a very tense and scary situation .
I do not think a movie like this would be released today .
Well ... we will see how he does ...
Although she ends up vindicated , she is willing to portray herself as the dizzy bimbo .
It 's all up on screen with plenty of carnage and big explosions but a lot of the shootouts lack imagination .
Well , there is a plenty of ways how to spoil a political thriller .
It will comfort you and enlighten you and affect you ...
Creasy on a path find the men responsible for her death and make sure they are brought to his brand of justice .
In fact , this is her best performance .
And these characterizations are what make this great action flick stand out as a classic .
The themes and ideas of this film are strong and poignant .
The themes and ideas of this film are strong and poignant .
He has a drunken scene that 's way over the top for a film but actually a very accurate depiction of a drunk .
First and foremost , speaking as no fan of the genre ,
As a popular sport , surfing was liked by many people .
I loved this movie from the opening sequence right through to the end .
The final scenes with each of the main characters are wonderfully written and acted .
The villains in the form of step sisters are perfectly evil and vile .
Nice combination of strange ' dogma ' style of telling the story together with good music and great actors .
The sort of movie you could watch ten times and still delight in its nuances .
Their influence can be seen in several parts of this movie .
You can see that the actors enjoyed making this film .
Beckett mentioned that he thought it was the best sniper rifle ever made .
The story behind the movie is fascinating in and of itself .
They are fun to watch , even when their behavior is not always the most believable or compelling .
If you ca not appreciate the offbeat humor it offers , the show probably is not for you .
It is the single most genius text in cinematic history .
He shows a flair for infusing the story with a lot of raw sex that was surprising for those days .
The score is also uplifting and dramatic .
I discovered this film after reading the book that inspired it .
Really enjoyable with lots of colour , plenty of sexiness , some gory kills and minimal police interference .
It looks splendid and works on the whole pretty well , but does go over the top at times .
The shootout scene in the carnival hall of mirrors is one of the most amazing ever filmed .
It 's honest , not forced like those films , and parents will enjoy watching this movie with there kids .
It was clearly a message directed to today 's youth .
The director could film some things a bit more subtle , it would make the film more effective .
It 's a very mutual friendship that develops convincingly throughout the film .
At the same time it manages to invoke intense emotions of sadness and despair .
The cinematography of the rural places , many of which are in the desert , is quite superb .
The best film about marriage and family .
Believe me your fans will love you for it .
All is good and graceful , with a good mix of stealth , action , pace and suspense .
On top of that , the movie is overly glossy in the beginning .
Nick has still got it in terms of being able to demonstrate both charm and psychosis .
But , it 's the performances that are the real pleasure .
The film is funny , heartwarming , features great acting , and beautiful photography .
It 's great how this movie pulls you along .
It 's a fantastic movie everyone should see at least once .
The movie is now moving closer to its correct rating .
Each of us have a favorite chef and favorite judges .
It 's a really moving picture at some points , the photography is really well done .
Somewhat reminiscent of the classic episode
The forces of awesome adventure and ruthless murder kicks the drama through to the end .
This was a true story , and that was what made it so real .
The cars in this game are awesome the car missions have lots of action and are really fun to play .
The amazing thing about him was he managed to keep coming back .
This movie was terrific and even with a less than convincing ending , it 's still well worth seeing .
This is a very moving scene indeed because it is so realistically presented .
Angel the viewing it so very much deserved .
This sweet tale shortly will be in our private library .
The beginning is great , the middle is fine , but the sting is in the end .
The beginning is great , the middle is fine , but the sting is in the end .
I recommend this movie if your out with the boys and want to watch a good action film .
It is very well done and very interesting .
It 's really great what these guys did .
It 's hard to top this movie in several ways .
It 's always fascinating , but it does go on a bit too long .
The actors look brilliant and the character development is spectacular .
Both visually and musically stunning .
I remember the original series vividly mostly due to it 's unique blend of wry humor and macabre subject matter .
Erendira is an amazing film , that even manages to throw in humor .
Homer 's father is a classic hardened man ... but he has a soft side as well .
If you and your family are looking for a great family film , this is your ticket .
The rest of the cast delivered good performances also .
Almost all of his personal problems are caused by love of his job .
Splendid supporting cast makes this a fun mystery to unravel .
It was also highly technical evidence , difficult for a layman to understand .
I 'm totally surprised by some of the comments on this forum , and many of the reviews .
But still , a tremendous , funny , moving epic .
Also , this movie is funny , yet has a serious side as well .
It was a terrific marketing ploy , and he change suits her changed attitude wonderfully .
The father and son take off the next day to look at some property and end up taking a classic road trip .
I can not recommend this movie more , find it and watch it .
The acting is wonderful and understated , with every gesture and smile and nod carrying meaning .
It all adds to the pleasant light comical atmosphere and cuteness of the movie .
But either way , it is a fascinating descent into madness .
The story is very quiet and naturalistic .
The romantic moments are also very well developed .
A psychologist offers to help a patient with his gambling debts and gets caught at the game .
But just like the amazing race this show is always best watched in moderation .
Even though there are changes , this movie is still one that kids will enjoy .
Gary is a natural talent and makes you laugh each time he shows up .
The music is great and the scenes are heart felt and very cute .
Every actor is perfect , the screenplay is a haunting succession of suspenseful scenes .
Especially discovering those secrets with treasure and a chaingun in them .
I have come to the conclusion that it is the best romantic comedy ever made .
You also certainly wondered how things went .
A further investigation shows that all the persons she knew in the party were dead criminals .
Put some top name people in the roles and then see what you get .
This movie won more than it 's share of awards .
This movie pleasantly surprised me .
Many people were able to live happy lives though love and life of one was lost .
When it 's meant to be funny , it 's intentionally so and it works .
Beautiful and mesmerising the film unfolds at a leisurely pace but has a richness within each fold .
It talks about real life problems and family matters .
The camera is pretty cool also , moving at a furious pace with the actors .
But when you watch it , you ca not help but enjoy it .
The sense of community in this film is fascinating .
Still , a definite recommend , especially for those that are inquisitive .
I think this still is the best routine .
A fun , offbeat story with wonderful performances by four of the best professionals ever to work in the business .
Yes , one says to oneself , he is an idiot , and yet when he 's on top of his game he is also a true savant .
That hilarious line is typical of what these naughty sisters say .
I was haunted by it after watching it .
The very last scene of the movie stays with me .
The best part was of course the special effects .
My favorite scene happened when the young man finally confronted his mother and her reaction towards him .
The dialogue is ingenious and rings very true .
The picture is so good because it deals and builds on endearing relationships .
Excellent screenplay and performance resulted in huge success of the movie .
Also the game also ends quite abrupt , at least it did so for me .
The final story is played almost entirely for laughs but it certainly does entertain and that 's what matters .
First , because it is a family movie .
I performed in regional versions of this and it 's one of my favorites of that period .
Now so far , this is a wonderful movie because it was so gritty and unrepentant .
But the movie turned out to be a delightful and original surprise .
It has come short and crisp to the viewer and it is the audience to make the choice now .
It is a sad and wonderful picture at the same time .
Both are classics and a bit better than this film .
That 's a tough combination to find now a days .
It was a nice , lyrical movie to relax to .
As such , it displayed good pace , though not as good as subsequent films .
What a grand and pleasant surprise .
The story is great with how it deals with heroism and humanity .
Life and death hang in the balance .
Even well translated , there are some things that are obviously private jokes or regional symbolism .
This relationship carries over into the program we get to see .
I actually liked this movie as a bit of a guilty pleasure .
Not because she is a nice beautiful girl but because she is a sexual entity .
Joe a job which results in stealing food .
The script is fantastic , so funny and sometimes even touching .
Paula , though neurotic and unhappy , perhaps has become that way because of the distant parents who raised her .
I was pleasantly surprised to find that it was one of the most cleverly composed films of recent memory .
Hues also did a good job , as always .
I laughed very hard at the sexual humor .
A very funny scene , the actors excellent , their faces , their eyes , their silly expressions .
It is about freedom , about the desire to have something which is yours and to fight for it .
I finally got around to seeing this after hearing great things about it .
It is a touching film for good natured souls .
Lawrence , who is best known as a comedienne , really shines as the woman who brings about all these changes .
I definitely recommend watching it .
The story is entertaining , and comes to a satisfying ending .
The film moves at a masterfully hypnotic pace and is filled with scenes of genuine emotion and power .
Their chemistry together is wonderful .
Once you hear it , you will never forget it .
I consider the movie an old gem , hard to find and worth a look .
The story is touching , but it is the performances that soar .
Either way , she was absolutely wonderful and the story was so moving .
This film has its good and not so good points .
The supporting cast is good as well .
I recommend it to those who love the movie .
But other than that , this movie is really great .
Her subtle chemistry with the knight in stolen armour was great
The diversity from one story to another is creative and unique .
She could lose her lovely house and sees no other solution to her misery than to start growing marijuana .
I especially enjoyed the built up to and the ending itself .
Something that has existed since the beginning of time .
I 'm sure she has some great future .
It 's a gripping father and son tale , and it is also an underdog story .
While there , some radioactive mole men come up through the oil well and explore the town .
The comedy is well played by all involved .
Here she is touching without being sentimental .
I 've seen many , many films and have reviewed a great deal of them , in print .
And it is the comedy that is so often missing from his interpretations .
He is the only actor who could pull it off perfectly wit his sheer coolness and clarity .
This allows you to appreciate and enjoy the movie even more .
It still has a certain emotional resonance despite its numerous flaws .
The characters in the movie are well cast .
The scenery was breathtaking , the plot had some nice twists and turns , and the characters were well rounded .
Heartland is a wonderful depiction of what it was really like to live on the frontier .
Perhaps the funniest use of underpants in movie history .
The most memorable movie experiences come from being surprised , if you ask me .
Beautifully funny and utterly believable characters .
The position before adjournment makes for a fascinating chess puzzle in itself .
The ships are rendered well and the space battles are impressive and exciting .
I can say without any hesitation at all , see this movie it will not disappoint .
It is clever , well paced and very well acted .
So it would be kind of neat to see this currently whenever it gets aired again .
And of course the economic implications have to do with more than cloth .
I happened to have enjoyed it greatly .
Charlie 's time is up and he must die again .
I so highly recommend both the book and movie together that it does a disservice to merely say go watch it .
I would not call this movie his best but it s still a good movie .
From its opening montage to the going home scene to the great ending the film was fantastic .
It 's more of a story about a troubled woman 's attempts to deal with the increasing unreality in her life .
The soundtrack is great , very brooding and ominous .
Listening to his smart ass remarks and seeing his adorable gestures was heartwarming .
The film is also loaded with great movie references for those who keep their eyes open .
This film is a great look into the music industry with a great cast of performers .
I highly recommend taking the time to down load and watch .
I laughed out loud many times , especially the scene dealing with the kitchen raid .
The subject is done with compassion as well as humor .
It shows that it is the everyday person who is killed , mained and debased by war .
The suspense was flawless , and maintained throughout until the end .
Her happy , outgoing exterior masks a deeply conflicted and troubled soul .
Best of all in our hussle , bussle life , it is an hour the family spends together .
That more people have not seen it is a true crime .
An enjoyable , well constructed somewhere .
Peggy thinks she is going to be a great dramatic actress but the studio think she is a fantastic comic .
Feinstone has gone off the deep end and is definitely not going to let anybody stand in his way of cleanliness .
The title role , although not as competent as it sounds , still was able to pull him up and charm the audiences .
The subject matter is at once grim and gripping .
In this dark and entertaining short film , an artist attempts to create a new pot for his favourite plant .
Strongly recommended for fans of international cinema .
It is somewhat surprising , then , that she is rewarded with a happy ending .
The acting was absolutely superb by him .
Not only in his goal , but also in making a wonderful movie , especially visually .
Watch an episode whenever you can , they seldom disappoint .
Try to catch this quiet gem of a film .
After watching it , you will cry to think that these two wonderful ladies are no longer with us .
The supporting performances are uniformly excellent , as are the costumes , music , and scenery .
He filmed it in the actors own rooms and used the actors real parents as their parents in the film .
This film will make you to burst into laughter and will fill your heart with warm sadness .
Both have their own magic and a magical woman .
If you want to see if you like kung fu movies , this is a good movie to start with .
This is , to my mind , a flawless production .
I especially like the work of the boys though .
Certainly the best film on the subject in my experience .
Often very dark and frightening at times .
If you are a person who is moved by light , but emotional films , then this is definitely one for you .
Gauri gives her life for that of her family 's .
I 've seen in three times and it got better each time .
But these are minor problems with an otherwise delightful and superbly imaginative film .
Her lighthearted take on the world around us is comical and beautiful .
Some of the best cinematography ever done in the history of film .
I was on the edge of my seat most of the movie .
The impact stays with you right after you leave the theater .
The other characters add their own uniqueness to the show that makes it a winner , season after season .
The movie takes place in a very harsh environment , and is therefore pretty violent and tough .
Although time has revealed how some of the effects were done this story of love and adventure still is special .
This movie is not a straight ahead romance or romantic comedy even though it is both romantic and funny .
Well , later it comes to the short view of the radio show .
I hope to see them cast in more projects soon .
I will be adding it to my movie collection today , and recommending it to my friends and family .
Filled with a deep timeless story of good vs. evil ,
Pakeezah is a classic in world cinema .
I watched to movie today and it just blew my mind away .
I really hope it gets the attention it deserves .
Now only is this show one of the best ever created , it is clever and funny .
Crosseyed is not perfect , but smart people made it .
Dev is of course , adorable , and this is one of his commercially successful performance .
This production is , in short , a great achievement and one to view many times with increasing pleasure .
Cleverly , the film , based on the play , portrays the complexities of family life .
Movie magic , clearly derived from the heart and soul of everyone involved .
It 's a shame it is not more well known , but it is a gem deserving of attention .
This has to be one of the best , if not the best film i have seen for a very , very long time .
It captures more than the nostalgia of the time .
The gameplay is indeed very similar , and is very addictive .
The great difference is the way that the story takes .
Everyone involved in this film clearly had a lot of fun making it .
This is definitely one of the best movies about gambling .
The most amazing , spiritually uplifting movie about the restoration of the gospel .
This movie will not sit well with some , but it is a must view .
All the actors are absolutely perfect for there roles .
The age of emotional control over our fears .
Polanski manages to create a surreal atmosphere of dread and paranoia .
Eglantine discovered many tricks and was able to make a bed travel to different parts of the world .
It makes us all think about all those people we have met only once in our lives .
The simple yet brutally effective music score only adds to the suspense .
You will be longing for a little bit more story .
Addictive game but beware of its flaws .
Rent it or buy it now , and it will leave you with happy memories that will last a lifetime .
A simple and effective film about what life is all about , responding to challenges .
You have to watch it quite a few times to even begin to comprehend it .
Each of the supporting characters is sharply drawn and excellently portrayed as well .
She also points out about what future both of them would have together , which proves to be true .
He was a comic genius who is often forgotten nowadays .
This is an absolutely horrifying and suspenseful film that will keep you at the edge of your seat .
This movie deserves good marks because it definitely was a good movie .
Although this movie is not for everyone , this is a great comedy .
Very unusual fantasy with some truly terrifying moments .
Always want to take about their feelings .
All lovers of jazz and film noir should study this tremendous jewel .
Is all about feelings ... friendship , love , happiness , unhappiness , pain , depression , loneliness ...
Emma must show that she accepts this now .
This is what makes a movie easy to remember fondly .
The story concerns a haunted castle .
The content of the film was very very moving .
I ca not wait to see it again , and wish that it could be put on general release .
It was an absolutely amazing experience for me .
She stores every bit of information she collects in an enormous archive .
This sequence is beautifully done and illustrates the characters of all three runners very well .
There are many kinds of reunion shows .
I definitely recommend this movie to anyone who has not seen it .
Its characters are all unique and the songs are great .
I highly recommend this movie even to those who do not usually watch boxing movies .
His desperation in certain sequences is portrayed beautifully .
At the end of the episode , you want to watch more , and more , and more .
I wish everyone took a page from his love of movies .
Most of it takes place in a dream and , like most dreams , it 's often foolish and illogical .
I was extremely , extremely lucky to see this very rare version of this film .
The ending is surprising but thoroughly consistent and believable .
It 's extremely humorous and the cast is wonderful .
Dave is unsuccessful at his job and his colleagues do not treat him very well and with the respect he deserves .
A simple web search will provide you with everything you need to know .
The story grows , as does the lesson of life , just a wonderful film in so many ways .
Two is the excellent culmination of this experiment .
The whole story line is amazing and the way they chose there characters waz awesome .
Alexandre will even get a job and be the provider for his new found love and family .
Great play , great camerashots , great music and texts .
Get one copy today and be mesmerized .
Drama , sadness , some over the top acting but a wonderful time to be had .
The films props itself as a fun and entertaining time .
Look for the great cinematography that makes this film come to life .
I thought this was an awesome movie .
Check her out in other things you would be surprised .
But , admittedly , it is the action that makes this movie so great .
He is almost in awe of the older men who share command with him .
He is one of the great actors of our time .
Best of all , the film is uncomfortable .
In fact all the characters are great .
Season one was hilarious as were most of the following seasons .
I will never forget the joy of those times .
If you like scary , fun , terrifying ghost stories , then you will like this little gem .
Very good movie with good performances .
This guy should get more roles , he 's brilliant .
This documentary series defines the genre .
It is a film worth discussing and debating , and above all , worth seeing .
The situation of an abusive family is never an easy one .
Halloween is one of the best examples of independent film .
His manner of hitting that evil guy in the glasses is amazing .
This is one of the most beautifully filmed movies ever , and there is a wild imagination in its style .
Terrific on every level and one of the best martial arts movies ever made .
I 've seen this movie many times and just saw it again this afternoon .
There are some wonderful things about this movie .
Most of the people interviewed are actually very funny and get a lot of humor out of their situations .
We laughed , we cried , we discussed real life and how hard some children have it in the world .
I 've seen this movie on several different occasions .
There are some great moments that sent shivers down my spine .
When he sees that this is not true , he packs his bags and is set to return to his wife and his career .
After you 've seen this small likable and comical film , you will for sure feel better .
Compared to other satirical broadcasts it was definitely the best of all .
In this movie , it 's romance , comedy and drama and it 's well done .
By today 's standards , it 's still pretty violent .
Drama is everywhere and it can take every shape .
The title of this movie fits in perfectly .
Elegant in its simplicity but so hard for most of us to grasp .
Nancy if the best character for me .
Yet the movie is so juicy and so suspenseful .
What it is , is compelling viewing , it is as close as you will get to utter devastation without being there .
This is not merely a film to be enjoyed by children , it can be watched and enjoyed by adults as well .
But it is incredibly charming and entertaining .
Ritter 's character is just so well acted and well rounded , that you ca not help but love him .
In my little book , there are a number of intelligent touches with unexpected dollops of humor .
Definitely one of the best fps out there .
Definitely worth every penny you spend .
The production is very good and you can tell that it was done with pride and love .
I remember seeing it as a small kid and thinking it was the greatest movie ever .
For a film that got little publicity , and few people have heard about , this was pretty good .
The acting is universally excellent .
A very moving story with a satisfying ending .
I give the movie two big thumbs up and recommend it to everyone of all ages and all backgrounds .
He is great in this film , and everything that he does that 's indie .
Elvira herself is always fun and engaging .
The actors involved give some of their finest performances .
Harry is a highly ranked businessman .
One of the better documentaries ever made and still a cult classic today .
Give the boys nothing exciting to do and you will be amazed at the hilarious results .
It is not one of the best stories , but it is in the bulk of the tales as being really well told and interesting .
Just got out and can not believe what a brilliant documentary this is .
War is a perfect kids film and adults should like it too .
But for me , it was the greatest and most rewarding blind purchase of all time .
I was pleasantly surprised by the film .
What you do not see is sometimes more frightening than what you do ...
There is a gritty reality to this film which also manages to effectively use humor to further the plot line .
That use of sound and scene was brilliant .
When the camera is moving , every shot is planned to understated perfection .
This classic film was definitely worth the price of admission .
The stories are for the most part pretty good , and the acting is very good .
And when he investigates , he finds a parrot in its cage singing its little heart out .
I can not accept the negative comments of other reviewers .
Well worth watching and certainly stays in your memory .
Anna is always eating but must have incredible metabolism .
It was a great experience and i loved every minute of it .
It is a story about real people that are sometimes a combination of both likable and unlikable .
Warfield lends a quiet maturity to the role of the older sister that is effective as well .
She looks great and she has really nice eyes .
What a real treat and quite unexpected .
That way you can deal with more problems at once .
He captivates the audience with his charisma as he does in all his roles .
He shows finely nuanced performances ... the good and the bad in his characters .
Later , he saves her from a mugging and she takes a shine to him .
If you put these three films together , you have a great sight of what happened during the war .
Ritter gives the most memorable performance .
It has a great story line and plot and great actors and actresses .
It 's a truly edge of your seat shocker .
I can recommend this movie to anyone interested in great design , displayed in a simple small , but lovely story .
Eyre knew she could not settle for this course in life and respect herself .
Then we picked up on the tone of the content , and really started to enjoy ourselves .
It 's easiest to think of it as several snapshots of the lives of the two central characters .
His greatest wish is to become a soldier .
It s an amazing film by almost any standard .
For all genders , all ages , it 's a lovely piece of family cinema .
Never explicit , but with lots of warmth and sometimes even humour .
Never explicit , but with lots of warmth and sometimes even humour .
She was proud of the lifestyle she had chosen but she did not let it define who she was .
As a kung fu film in general , it also stands out ...
You should finish this film relaxed yet full of insights to your own life .
This is an underrated adaption of the classic novels as it only covers the first half of the story .
This film feels like an essay sometimes because of its changes of images , but still refreshing .
Harry is a darker character once again , not the nice cop he had become .
But this movie did have so many wonderful laughs and a fun plot that anyone could get a kick out of .
Though there were some funny lines and gangs throughout the movie which surprised me .
The plot is about as simple as it gets .
Truly a great film loaded with laughs and great acting .
He turns the tables perfectly by delivering a very warm and humane speech about the realities of police work .
He has also drawn brilliantly natural performances from all his players .
Overall , the acting , story line , the high quality filming and awesome effects , it was fantastic .
What makes this movie stand out is that shows both sides of the war have good and bad people .
Great overall storyline , great camera work , good drama , action , details , and more .
It is one of the best horse movies of it 's time .
Now i really liked this movie , it was so funny .
Along the way to success , he finds the true meaning of love , etc .
Great viewing for art cinema lovers .
You may not like it , but it is certainly something worth watching .
The rest of the cast is quite good as well .
Sly 's best out and out action film .
I really ca not remember who recommended this , but they said it was one of their favorite films .
This is a really funny film , especially the second , third and fourth time you watch it .
It sticks to what works and adds a little more .
To truly enjoy this one , you have to see things differently .
No matter , this is a great film in it 's own right , no , it 's a great film period .
The backgrounds are excellent and the voice are good but this is nothing more the a nice film .
This story is told at a slow pace and that works very well .
True , it does not follow the book very closely , but it 's still a very entertaining take on the story .
Now when the story opens the movie shows these two people in their separate lives .
This is a film that is very violent and bloody , yet the objections are to sexual content .
In fact , the film is packed with lots of music that stimulates a lot of the most emotional scenes .
She 's simply so good at what she does and makes it look so easy .
You either love it or you hate it , and not everyone will like this movie .
I thought this movie was very well done .
Now imagine yourself sharing this gift with the love of your life .
The bosses , while like the levels are somewhat easy , are fun .
All the true western fans will love this movie .
She 's smart , complex , and believable .
You want to see the ocean , be with her is especially a poignant line in this movie .
It stays focused , being funny , sad , and well thought out .
The supporting cast also does a fine job .
The understated cinematography is superb and terribly realistic .
This one is just as enjoyable as the previous three , and certainly cuter .
Conrad plays a terrific part in this film .
It certainly helps to have read the original text before viewing the film .
It 's like watching a no frills music video today .
The scarier children 's animations are always my favorite ones .
She is still a fantastic actress , comedy or drama .
He is so quirky but so full of emotions .
It also has good performances from the actors .
Fortunately , this one was better then the second thanks to having more humor .
The plot is so tight that you are hooked within the first fifteen minutes .
This was a good film with a powerful message of love and redemption .
Magnificent performances from two pros make a splendid movie well worth seeing .
I picked this one up on a whim from the library , and was very pleasantly surprised .
The anime that got me hooked on anime ...
Its action is more understated , yet more surprising and clever .
This movie is so entertaining and is so aware of its tone , and it s just a fabulous film .
There is something chilling and yet profound about no sound in that scene , just simply emotion .
It began with great visuals , little snippets to grab your attention and cause your imagination to run wild .
It caught me by surprise and actually gave me a little jump on first viewing .
Like the columbine killers they truly feel superior .
But the twists and turns she takes the documentary maker through are amazing .
The dialogue is witty , and the physical humor done with consummate skill .
The actors all do a great job , too .
You will never forget these characters once you 've seen this movie .
Be aware that this film is more about feelings and emotions but not about actions .
Well represented and put together , this a true testament to how illogical humans can be .
Great acting , but sometimes a tough film to watch , due to the goings on .
Yes , my friends , watch this movie and then see if you can go out afterwards and party hard .
Of course now it does not surprise anyone and those scenes in fact seem pretty beautifully done .
The subtleties are truly out of this world and the characterization is beyond brilliant .
A great movie , rather challenging than really entertaining .
In some ways , it 's so evident that it 's great to see how it plays out .
They know when to say goodbye and what each garnered from the other .
Along the journey he encounters scumbags who take advantage of other human suffering and desperation .
This film definitely gets a thumbs up from me .
They are really worth checking out and usually never disappoint .
Acting is raw , menacing and utterly believable .
We had even more fun the second time around and everyone raved about it .
Jackie is at his absolute best here .
Vance , a fine character actress , who steals scenes in this one ......
All four segments have a delightfully macabre sense of humor and a great atmosphere .
As it will be revealed later , both of her parents have died of tuberculosis .
There is well down future scene , and surprising violence , which is key to the film .
Worth watching for the outstanding performances .
There 's a lot of great stuff in this movie and some fantastic singing and dancing numbers .
I was hooked from beginning to end .
What really makes this movie so good is how true to some of the rap groups of the time this movie is .
This stuff is so weird and shocking that it 's probably best for others to see it for themselves .
We need more of his shows available .
Because after that the show definitely lost some of it 's magic
Ustinov creates a clever and divisive plot that has him cleverly going from two bit con man to ingenious ...
It s a movie that really makes you step back and look at your life and how you live it .
It delivered , in a captivating way , a good introduction to the character and her background .
Every once in a while , you come across a film that really touches a nerve .
Overall , the film is very well made for the meager budget and it 's definitely worthy of a look .
It starts off strong , and ends with one of the most incredible action sequences ever filmed .
Young turns in an excellent and courageous performance .
This one is certainly worth checking out
The cast members all did a great job with their respective roles .
A movie that you can see more than one time .
It shows people humiliating other peoples and being cruel to other peoples .
It is stimulating , thought provoking , a mirror to the post war world and the relations between peoples .
The character development in this film is excellent .
You see the true nature of each character , true detail to their face with extreme close ups and action .
His sophistication is such a perfect contrast to the crudely good hero .
She carries the film squarely on her shoulders .
I 'm sure the ending went to be perfect .
This film is seriously underrated , and it should not .
All the supporting actors were also very good and helped the movie along .
You see wittiness , chilling atmosphere , which then get 's converted back into tension .
Other than both movies are about tornadoes .
A genre normally restricted to the mainstream hollywood films .
I thought this movie did a down right good job .
And it 's very much an episode of wonderful moments .
It may take a few sittings to get through all the intricate layers but it 's a great movie and it should be seen .
The underwater sequence was beautiful , but my favourite was the football match , which was absolutely hilarious .
The locations , costumes , set decoration , cinematography and soundtrack are also awesome .
This is a great show for the whole family .
See how many times you can spot the camera crew too .
Things like this happen throughout the movie and therefore you must keep attention .
I like it and recommend it for movie lovers of all ages .
I think this movie deserves a broader audience than it has received .
A classic with a thoroughly entertaining and brutal climax .
The product is one of the most beautiful and unique films in recent memory .
That movie is the best and it will always stay that way .
In essence , it is an extended film lecture , and one of the best you may ever get .
From that experience , he once again returns to humbleness and an appreciation for the basics in life .
This movie also contains a bit more violence than the first one .
It was a simple story with believable acting .
The babies are adorable and it 's fun watching them play and grow .
This is simply the most astonishing movie you will ever see .
It is certainly arch and talky , but it is also wonderful .
I think this is a lovely family movie .
You will be shocked and challenged as a viewer .
I was surprised at how a movie could be both cheesy and excellent at the same time .
I wo not reveal anything further , but what results is a very funny series of events with the perfect conclusion .
The album is also good if you can find it and still have a record player to play it on .
All in all a good little horror anthology well worth seeking out .
It helps us dig deep within ourselves and to make us search for what we want out of life .
The level design in fantastic and the weapons as well as the enemies will really shock you .
If you like road movies , murder , humor , and narration , watch this film .
It is a remarkable and powerful film about what it is like to lose yourself and begin to find your way back .
But back in their glory days they released this film on a very appreciative world .
No matter where you are from , you will be deeply moved by this autobiographical gem .
This is not a movie for an older generation who want a deeper meaning or some brilliant message .
You get to collect comics , you run out of web and it is somewhat fun traversing the city .
Cypher has got to be the greatest underground spy flick ever to hit the shelves .
He is also one of the harder bosses , but once again , still fairly easy .
It is exciting and generally very well made .
It is pretty dumb ... but it is also a lot of fun .
They realize that she is the perfect person to harvest pot , which they can both benefit from .
It 's a classic in the horror genre , and for good reason .
Clark cuts a powerful figure in his western gear as he goes up against some of history 's baddest baddies .
Prince made sure that every moment in the movie was done perfectly .
And when she ran away and met her future husband and he showed her the new type of dance waltzing .
All the things that are present in the big advanced cities of today .
With the war genre , laughter is not something you 'd associate with it for most of the time .
All in all , for a nice evening watching come acceptable action with some funny jokes , this movie is perfect .
These comments are based on the first episode only .
The music is probably what makes this episode work so well .
The characters are well developed , and believable .
It is perhaps the actors best performance .
Ryan hits the nail on the head in dealing with the after affects of traumatic situations .
The advert had me hooked instantly .
American were the best and for that i absolutely show my devotion to you with this movie .
The settings are superb and almost movie like .
I ever saw , and to me it is timeless .
The setting is perfect , in a desolate winter hideaway .
How the restriction of space is visually translated is well done .
Thank you from all heart , it 's simply the best .
Wells and that was not after the first world war .
More emotionally gripping than most films , and also incredibly suspenseful ...
The death and apparent death of characters brought about the appropriate gasps and comments .
The three principle characters shine , both in their interviews and in the water .
I think he is just a person who lost the purport in his life and faith in good , justice and love .
I think you have to be a certain type of person to enjoy these movies .
So this movie was also good for my imagination .
Not overly dramatic or graphic , it leaves enough to the imagination , well , you will see .
Me , personally , really liked the movie because it 's something that finally i can relate to my childhood .
And after seeing it , you may never know just whom you can trust .
The material in this documentary is so powerful that it brought me to tears .
I first saw this movie when it originally came out .
The acting was subtle but very funny .
Downey is likable as a private detective .
It was a successful combination of all its elements from stories , cast and productions that made it exceptional .
Five men trained by the same master in different ways and wearing masks .
It 's a very layered and intelligent film .
Walsh is a true master of the cinematic form , his film have been sometimes in my opinion , overlooked .
Especially entertaining were the discoveries that the son makes about his father as a person .
While the details may be ' dramatized ' , the overall history was a nice primer .
It 's based on a novel of the same title , which was equally good , though different from the film .
It has comedy and emotion but an uplifting message ...
Adults that remember how to dream with the force of youth but with the vision and application of maturity .
Overall awesome flick , but not for everyone .
I particularly liked the special effects on the chess board as alternative plays are anticipated .
This was truly a heartbreaking story about first love .
Emil as the professor is a character that has many more things on his mind then we originally thought .
This is a nice little movie with a nice story , that plays the most important role in the entire movie .
It is measured and nuanced , balancing the humour and drama perfectly .
She brings her way of dealing with the law , which means more than simple convictions .
Another quality is that it is fresh each time one sees it .
The script is brilliant , and the casting could not be more perfect .
The film follows what will happen to them and at times questions their innocence .
The next story is a bit more unpredictable , and you really do not know where the heck it is going .
She also notices that it gets harder and harder for her to wake up from her dreams .
I hope that the current release is just the tip of the iceberg for this very entertaining film .
What 's great about this movie is that it does not rely on gore or humor to entertain the audience .
This is not a movie you just watch for fun .
This series is one of the best of it 's kind .
I very much enjoyed watching this film .
So , from a historical point of view , it 's an amazing and sad relic that is well worth seeing .
This is no excellent movie that has everything , but hell , it 's a damn good and very original movie .
I promise once you watch it , it will stick with you and you will like it forever .
It was a good movie , though not for everyone .
Do not worry though , the action is there and plenty of it .
Camera angles and colors are very well chosen .
But then this is the magic world of cinema .
Proves again what an excellent actress she is .
It 's a truly well made television movie .
They continue to document the bravest of the brave without knowing about their own and eachother 's safety .
With a deeper interpretation , this movie will help us see beneath the surface .
But she is exceptional and steals every scene she 's in .
And be sure to share it with your family .
The acting , while not generally brilliant , was perfectly acceptable and sometimes very good .
Russo gives a nice performance as a lady ahead of her time and the supporting players are also quite nice .
It is definitely slow , but is well worth the watching .
A believable child who grew into brave , always willing to help others .
If you have not seen this movie yet , you must check it out .
What began as dark comedy morphs into romantic drama , and the transition is masterful .
It 's easy to make really general comments about a film like this .
One of the best of the comedy romance genre .
This movie is great , the music with the exception of the very first song in the movie was awesome .
There are no pictures from higher up the building where some of the firemen have gone .
Perhaps one of my favorite sequences is contained in this movie with the march of the suits of armor .
Anyone searching to relive a bit of freedom from their misspent youth this road movie will prove the ticket .
The director has produced more memorable scenes of touching beauty than it would seem possible .
His charismatic personality was highly infectious .
Yes , the special effects are not the greatest , but there are definitely some good ones here .
This is really a great unknown movie .
It might be a good time to point out that the trailer is highly misleading .
I was really drawn in to the fantasy world .
The songs are all good and the dancing is incredible .
Love trap is a must see independent film .
Not sure when or where it 's playing again , but a definite must see for film enthusiasts .
If you enjoy hot girls with really nice tits , get this movie .
This movie is definately one of my favourite movies in it 's kind .
All the same , it 's incisive and essential , although its actual impact on film history is certainly debatable .
The school is now abandoned , and they have to break in .
Sure it may not be a classic but it 's one full of classic lines .
Buffy actually does a very good job .
These are only a few of my favorite episodes .
Therefore , if you love those funny tales of love , get this one soon .
I found the film fascinating and exceptionally moving .
It is a wonderful story about the love of a boy and the eagle he took care of .
Nunsploitation fans will be satisfied with the treats , but movie lovers will find plenty of meat to digest .
This is one of my all time favorites .
This is one of my all time favorites .
There is of course great comedy among the other characters .
Well , you ca not always trust the ratings .
Elisha provides a satisfactory performance , the plot is a little cheesy but the film works ...
You see someone you like , rare enough as that can be , and you want to say something but you do not .
I would highly recommend this film to all fans of adult films and those casual viewers .
I have seen a couple movies on eating disorders but this one was definitely my favorite one .
Masterson probably has the hardest role and is just adorable .
The old man character is fantastic .
It 's in the subtext that you find the real message of the film .
The film moves on at the pace of life .
It 's actually those most familiar with it 's tropes that will enjoy it the most .
She is pretty funny and worth seeing through most of the film .
Every character in the film balances on a razor 's edge between surreal and creepy realism .
As a director , he is restrained and calm , and captures some incredibly beautiful scenes .
The story is well illustrated for a generation which grew up on television .
Still , they know that he is the man to have around when the situation is perilous .
I 've loved this movie ever since it first came out .
Especially if you are a horse person , you will love this movie .
His underplaying is perfect for the part .
Lovely film noir with a lovely twist .
It 's a touching story ripe with human emotions .
Still this slasher yarn offers plenty of nasty violence and gore .
This documentary is quite relevant today .
In my opinion , the best movie ever .
So , keep in mind this statement , today 's youth must understand that we can not take dowry in marriages .
The first half of the cartoon depicts spring 's fabrication , but the second part is a little bit different .
It 's a very crafty fun loving story .
For a true story , it does give you hope and that miracles do happen .
It 's definitely worth seeing if you 're interested in the edges of horror cinema .
This movie is one of my all time favorites .
Great fun , one to watch twice if there ever was a movie .
That plus the outrageous photography together with the hauntingly beautiful music , make for a lovely ride .
This movie is a must see for everyone , who meditate , what matters in life and what does not ...
At the end of a long busy day it 's nice to kick back and have a great laugh before you go to sleep .
There is a political and social world and the short tells a lot in it short running time .
I think that that scene was definitely the most important scene in that movie .
It shows the boys locker room mentality being played by the other side .
He gives a fine and understated performance .
Excellent acting by all of the cast , even the smallest parts were done with believability .
Haunting , frightening and very effective .
But backgrounds were superb and animation was breathtaking .
It 's style is definitively unique and very well made .
The black and the white always present in our lives .
And that he is willing to give it all up for love .
It gives me hope and faith the series will carry on to new generations of fans for years to come .
A perfect movie for someone who wants a good lighthearted laugh .
Its often very very funny , and its quite subversive and crazy .
Universal kept the public unaware of the special effects being used in this great classic film .
We can all see ourselves in the everyman .
Making the best of what you have is a good thing a well .
I also loved the end when he says that behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes .
It 's raw , painful , and realistic but very entertaining .
His material is extremely witty and hilarious , and his delivery is some of the best ever witnessed on stage .
If you are a movie fan in general , you must see this .
Still , it is a fun movie that should be seen at least once .
The movie 's cute , funny at times , and touching in the end .
I cried my heart out , watching this movie .
Both women talk at the same time and constantly contradict each other .
The acting is great and it never gets old .
It really is great for children and adults and is absolutely timeless .
You almost wish people like this really existed .
Anyway , this was one of my favorite movies as a young child .
This is one of the best films ever made .
In fact the most amazing thing about this film is how good it is , when it might so easily have been a disaster .
It s definitely worth a look if you can come across it .
A really beautiful film that made me laugh and cry .
Overall this is a masterpiece of a show .
Most of it is symbolism for life , death and rebirth .
He is an important filmmaker who continues to influence many people .
Great movie , perfect example of a movie that took every cast member to make it work .
Here 's a rare gem for those of you that have not seen or most likely not even heard of this .
Matthau 's character really makes this hard to love .
She does so with spunk not seen in many heroines of the time .
It has lots of wonderful ideas and very good performers .
But once you 've seen this movie , you would probably want to see it again and again .
But most of all this movie makes you feel , and that is the most important thing .
Her character is also very believable and she has some superbly acted moments towards the end of the movie .
They all appeal to all ages and are all unique and very entertaining .
My wife likes animals and animal movies , she especially like the parrot in this film .
This hour and a half will surely be an enjoyable one and one that you will remember .
Both movies used wonderful actors not stars .
Hollywood is more sophisticated today , but rarely as inventive .
It was clean and appropriate for everyone .
It 's cheesy , it 's fun , sometimes it 's scary , but it is awesome .
I liked the relationship between the father and son .
All in all , this movie is clearly up there with the best .
This film is wonderful in every way that modern action adventures are not .
I still want to tell him that to me his film was a true independent film , in its concept and spirit .
You must have a sense of humor to fully enjoy this one .
It had some very nice animation in parts and the story was entertaining enough .
This excellent drama had me in suspense the whole time .
It is so well shot and so well acted .
This show is it s own entity , and i think most comedy heads will like it just fine .
Well written with good performances by all .
But in the end , this wonderful fantasy grounds us gently .
This film never received the praise it deserves .
Kudrow is charming as ever , a bit unusual to see her in a dramatic role .
From there the movie grows into a colorful story of friendship and loyalty .
An amazing feel good movie and a very sad one too .
It is a great movie for all ages , but it is directed more for children .
It is an extremely enjoyable film , performed in a tongue in cheek manner .
Check it out , it 's worth the trip .
He made a unique contribution to film history , popularizing operatic music .
It was full of memorable imagery , good acting , and touching subject matter .
I have to say that it was a lot of fun .
The characters are all very well drawn .
Bud finds himself drawn into the local honky tonk world for the only escape a blue collar man can afford .
If anyone ever sees where they are selling the season please email me .
Expect a bit of a lul as the characters are developed , but know that things will pick up .
Anyway this film is totally enjoyable and you do not have to read the book to understand the movie .
Rent it or buy it if you like a good , humorous , and all around entertaining documentary .
His uncouth mannerisms suit him to the hilt and he 's shown his versatility once again with this role .
These attitudes are on the way out .
What results is a amazing and frightening look at paranoia .
This time , he is a little bit more difficult to beat but still easy .
I also liked the old man in the beginning .
Not only is the action superb but the has a somewhat complex storyline .
The execution is as close to flawless as the art form gets .
The graphics is a bit dodgy in some parts , and there are quite a few mistakes throughout the film .
As the movie envelopes around the two love birds , it also manages to find its lens towards
Another good point of the movie is that it kept moving along .
A nice film to watch on a sunny day .
In short , time moves slower for those who travel at the speed of light .
I can only hope that the upcoming series of films keeps as true to its vision ...
It can be everything a good movie requires .
There are also a lot of wonderful moments from minor characters ... even down to facial expressions .
This movie is full of hilarious scenes that every child will love .
Burns brought a bit of the personal into this film as well .
Anyone who sees this will be overwhelmed by its awe , majesty and glory .
The casting is perfect , the mood is perfect , the acting is above reproach .
People liked it for it 's special effects .
I 'd forgotten most of it , and some of it was geared towards kids , but it was still enjoyable .
Films like this are rarely made and appreciated .
This movie is their best right now ... the setting of the movie was beautiful which also is a huge attraction .
This is by far the most incredible movie
Though it takes some patience to make it through the cerebral ramblings , the film in the end is worth watching .
The thrills is really good and some of it is surprising .
The thrills is really good and some of it is surprising .
You got to believe in it , that 's the way you make things come true
Movie is a great comedy , enjoyable , interesting , unpredictable .
She makes a good contribution as the fleeing mother .
In my opinion , this movie is very light entertainment , but has some classic characters .
This movie will never be confused with great cinema .
The rest of the cast is amazing , and the film is really really funny .
One of my favorites and would recommend to anyone who likes creative and imaginative movies .
The film language , the rhythm , the special effect are all from hollywood , but still there is a chinese core .
Goldberg perfectly plays a human being , someone in need of love and someone who deserves it .
Manny is adorable in his depressed , reclusive character , and so on and so forth .
His charisma on screen is always a pleasure to watch .
This is what makes this movie so interesting and unique .
There 's a rather childish criticism of advertising , but it 's a criticism that still exists today .
The acting is top notch from everybody involved .
A lot of paths cross , in the end , the best decision is made or task is completed .
It is moving and inspiring , and the man 's relationships ring true .
Two men living in one roof together without driving each other crazy , is impossible as well as improbable .
I would highly recommend this film to children .
I was very , very pleasantly surprised .
This film , like most race films , keeps people watching because of the great entertainment .
It will bring tears to all those who have lost a loved one , and survived .
But seriously , it was an amazing show .
An overall great episode , with good acting and a decent pace .
The music was really great and very well incorporated into the scenes .
Both the action and the stunts are extremely realistic and innovative .
What makes it such a great movie experience is what it has to say about relationships , deceit and trust .
Hyde did an amazing job for a first timer .
This is a nice story with a nice , happy ending .
The show is about two sisters living together .
The plot is complex , and keeps you on the edge of your seat , guessing , and ready for anything at any time .
My friend was a most charming person when you got to know him .
A wonderfully quirky film with enough twists for a sack of pretzels .
But it is a terrific movie for as old as it is .
Some special effects are quite enjoyable .
He spent his life being a perfect party guest .
The story turns and twists and the audience can never predict what will happen next .
This remarkable picture ranks as one of the finest fantastic films of all time .
This unique blend makes for a unique and compelling story .
The actors of this movie done really good acting , they all done a great job .
No matter how many posters you put up or how many raves for peace you have , the war is not going to end .
It 's small town supernatural eeriness but with fantastic layered characters .
It gets you smiling , and really involves you in the sport .
Overall , this is a nice family film , with odd themes thrown in , but nonetheless , good entertainment .
He even helps them to appreciate one another learning from his own mistakes with his brother .
Each scene , each verbal exchange let us know more and more about the characters .
Fortunately it made for an enjoyable quirk of a film .
The opening prologue is brilliant ... tears from laughter form everytime
Yet he makes up for it with a spirited and truly unexpected performance .
War itself , the story pans out and you can see multiple facets of it moving together .
This show masks the morbid nature of death , while others embrace it .
All of which makes his key scene in the movie all the more poignant .
The people who seem utterly without merit are really nicely developed human beings who get to see the light .
This is a very dramatic and suspenseful movie .
This is not a great film , but it is good entertainment for small children .
I think it s the best thing he 's ever done .
The photography is also quite good .
One of the most timely and engrossing documentaries , you will ever watch .
The eighties feel of it keeps me in love .
The cast of this movie was well put together .
The love and friendship between the proprietor and his retarded son is deep and moving .
The comedy rests on the mix of the people sharing .
I especially loved the way they mixed communism into the plot , very common for this era of movie .
I too , saw this movie in my youth and was struck by the atmosphere and especially the ending .
I could not wait to see how everyone would someday meet each other at once .
I gather from reading the previous comments that this film went straight to cable .
If you want to see something great , check this out .
It 's about the relationship between a father and son thrown together in the most tragic of circumstances .
Those episodes stand in contrast to the rest of the series , but they are pretty good in and of themselves .
This one is a diamond in the rough , and it will keep you on the edge of the seat until all come to peace .
This movie has some things that are pretty amazing .
Thanks a million for restoring our faith in human nature .
Plenty of knowing head nods and ' ahhh ' moments to share and enjoy .
The film is thoroughly likable and always amusing .
We can better understand the things happened in history when its told in the form of a story .
Big rock candy mountain is amazing .
All in all , very cheap and exploitative , but will really be a lot of fun for fans of these kinds of movies .
The film delivers in the shock , gore and atmosphere department .
I thought that for a first episode of a first series it did really well .
Yes , his master is a buffoon , they always are .
The most compelling documentary series ever made concerning war .
I never tire of this fantastic movie .
That also has a lot to do with the very fine and original story of course .
There are so many running jokes , that it 's amazing .
This sometimes can be for the best .
There is great tension and it moves along well enough .
The chemistry between the actors helps make this one of the most entertaining movies of all time .
Some of those are so good that they can bring tears to your eyes .
Anyway , great film , great cars and great acting .
While reminding me of some of the best noir , it is one of a kind .
Chasing the big murder case , you will see these detectives go to every length to solve the crime .
They are both great characters and always have something funny to say .
Although this movie has some weaknesses , it is worth seeing .
When he is telling stories and jokes he has the timing down perfect .
That is perhaps what makes it so intense .
This is not only my favorite silent comedy , but easily among my ten favorite comedies of all time .
The plot is cleverly crafted , story is believable .
Sufficiently so that it stands out from what has gone before .
It also reminds us to be careful what we wish for .
When you will leave the cinema you will be moved .
When you will leave the cinema you will be moved .
He is driven to find and stop the killer .
I will listen to this movie a lot in the next years .
The movie is surreal and surpassing in beauty .
Overall the film is about real people in an unusual situation .
Once again every member of the cast fits perfectly .
Great message though ... should be more of them .
This film succeeds on that level as well .
I recorded this ages ago but only got round to watching it today .
This is an old fashioned , wonderfully fun children 's movie with surely the most appealing novice witch ever .
It 's a film that will leave you smiling at the end .
There are plenty of informative , smart ones .
Hope to see more movies like this in the future .
It 's highly imaginative , creative and clever .
But what made me enjoy the show the most was the depth of the characters .
But also , the story it 's interesting and entertaining .
Simon is haunted by his death , comforted by support of death people he 'd seen on the other side .
The result is a hilarious , beautiful , sad and moving account of true love and anarchy rule .
A moving film , lovingly made , and based on real people and their actual experiences .
It shows how fragile life is and how short our lives are .
The actors and actresses in this were perfect for the parts they played .
He will make you weep , especially in his purposefully sudden and unexpected monologue .
What makes this film a true thing is that it is clean .
It s everything those films try to be only with out the tongue in cheek and it s so much more fun because of it .
This is the art of film at its best .
It 's up there with some of my other favorites .
It is one of the few films in the genre that is enthralling throughout .
I first saw this movie when it came out and have caught it a few times more since then .
Her 's was the best performance in the film .
Not because it 's the greatest movie of all time , but because it surprised me .
This is one of my least favorite things about the genre .
The special effect are great and spectacular .
And in many ways , a very good one .
Most of the gags work and all violent as any good tom and jerry short should truly be .
It is generally enjoyable and ranks among the better entries to the genre .
Enjoyable all the way until the end , but a great concept .
This movie does not rank in the all time great category , but it is pretty entertaining .
This movie surprised me in a good way .
It represents absolutely everything good , fun and magical about my childhood .
But the animation is well above average with nice colours and good character animation .
Feel good comedies are becoming my favorite movie genre thanks to this film .
It never attains the same sublime levels of fun that this one reaches , but it is still rather good even so .
This movie had the perfect combination .
It is flashy without being distracting and offers the perfect combination of suspense and dark humor .
He 's so balanced and just perfect that he 's just amazing .
It seems that this famous and brilliant movie was made almost by accident .
The film really moves along and there is excellent direction and good camera work .
This movie packs a lot of story into a very short time .
The animosity and electricity from the crowd is amazing , and it 's as exciting as it gets .
Marie learn to talk and they become best friends .
I was especially impressed by the extra attention to details .
Definitely a gem , and totally original .
Surprisingly , the animation manages to keep the feeling of the original art .
Subtle , and all about the interactions of the characters .
Even my young boys loved watching it with me and ask to watch it again and again .
And this is a great rock 'n ' roll movie in itself .
To get to certain worlds , you need a number of stars to get in .
My personal favourite part was the brothel scene , loved that .
And in all of those immensely different environments , we see the most beautiful animals trying to survive .
The movie is a very perfect mixture of emotions , drama and entertainment .
An intelligent , entertaining comedy with much heart .
Although a tear jerker it is definitely a feel good movie .
The performances are all top notch and quietly nuanced .
A simply wonderful little gem of a drama .
Angel wings wonderful , on the real angel .
Martino directs with a sure hand , keeps things tight and atmospheric with some terrific set pieces .
It will bring back your emotions from that day .
The martial arts in the film is not that good but it is passable and enjoyable .
Japan makes some of the best animation in the world .
This was a very intense and good match .
There is quite a bit of adult language , though , but it can sometimes be very funny .
But first go and see it in the cinema if you can .
I still quote classic lines like say it again and you said you 'd rip my balls off sir .
She keeps you transfixed up to and including the final shot of the film .
It made me laugh , it made me cry and it reeeaally warmed my heart .
A small gripe , but one that makes it a bit less realistic .
It really is this flawless ambiance that makes
It 's humorous , heartwarming and all around amazing .
She and the prince later get married , and they live happily ever after .
This gentle comedy will warm the cockles of your heart and have you laughing out loud .
Would be a very fine choice on a lonely night .
You know how it 's going to end but it has a great time getting there .
You know how it 's going to end but it has a great time getting there .
I voted excellent for how well the acting was , not for the content .
You cry , you laugh , you hate and you identify .
It is easy to take the familiar for granted but after watching this film a few times it has grown on me .
You can not claim that the screenplay is so great or the photography is perfect or something technical .
I saw it last night and woke up today thinking about it .
It certainly takes a number of viewings .
It 's a loving story about family , friendship , and the kindness of strangers .
The last episode she appeared in was one of my favorites for in the second season .
And the continuity kept you moving right along with the characters .
This makes her character 's plight all the more believable .
Anytime you hear a song play in the movie it 's in perfect sync with the situation at hand .
From there , the film takes you through so many different emotions all at once it is hard to describe .
This might be a good movie for adult children to watch and laugh over about their own folks and their foibles .
The movie and the album are both very good .
Watch this movie , at the very least you will definitely have an opinion of it .
Anyone who likes action combined with a gritty complicated story will enjoy this .
These two men have incredible integrity as their lives are reduced to the most basic parts .
And the first episode of all is my best evidence .
It 's got a neat little message , and lots of cool adventure .
In fact , this may have brought the genre to its apex .
The best thing about the league of gentlemen is that it is always fresh , and always pushing the boundaries .
It is a great underdog story and a very friendly family movie .
Ten years later , it 's like watching it all again for the first time .
Recommended mostly for the music and the two fantastic bands .
It 's perfect for getting out and watching with a group of friends .
If you enjoyed this movie , you will probably enjoy the sequel too .
I was expecting a tragic ending but thankfully , the ending was wonderful .
Nice ensemble types , with great performances by all .
Once you 've seen this movie you will want to see more from the same director .
Roy contains the perfect balance of dramatic tension , action and even occasional humor .
The ultimate message is that we are responsible for ourselves .
If , however , you love slapstick comedy as performed by one of the best , do watch this one .
I m obsessed with it , and i know anyone who appreciates trey and matts work will appreciate this movie .
Unlike so many movies of this genre , the script is very very tight .
It may just change you forever once you have seen it .
In all , the movie is one of the best examples of the slasher genre , despite all of its flaws .
I would definitely recommend it to everyone .
The film does a nice job of balancing a classic ghost story with something more unusual and psychological .
Well , magic works in mysterious ways .
I actually went into the advanced screening expecting a lot less and was pleasantly surprised .
We all liked it so much that we saw it a second time with my parents .
On a deeper level though , it explores a profound desire to reconnect with the land .
This is one smart and funny movie for kids and parents alike .
I am glad that i did give it a chance because this was a very well though out movie .
But , that being said , it is a fine film , worth a viewing .
This is one of the funniest films of the year .
I disagree but this movie is very very good .
Strickland easily delivers the best supporting act , in a part that requires a considerable range from her .
It also manages to keep you until the end .
It makes you just want to watch the couple and watch all the sweet moments they have .
It really shows the true scenes a dog has , and the love and loyalty you get from a pet .
I drove by the house last week the house still looks great .
I think her aging got a bit harsh in recent years .
Considering it is his first movie he did a good job .
I learned a long time ago to see the humor in things .
To me this is a very fine film about what it is to be human .
These days it 's just refreshing to go to a movie made by an actual human being .
One the whole , this movie is not perfect .
I believe this movie did a wonderful job of showing it .
As he gets to know her and learns her husband has died , he begins to imagine she is ' a black widow . '
It is a real life , soulful story that is made with a rare understanding and respect .
Do not miss this movie , it s a wonderful movie and a feel good one for us .
For me , this is one of the best movies i ever saw .
The last half hour of the film had me in tears with the honesty of the emotions .
It portrays those story lines in a smart and emotional way , dealing with them subtly and smoothly .
He was evil with a great laugh and a great smile on his face .
The movie had good pace and the structure was perfect .
Suspend belief and enjoy , this is truly time well spent .
At times having to swim in dangerous waters , alone , frightened , injured , she always managed to keep going .
I love the childlike humor and appreciate it .
It is one of those great classics that the whole family can watch .
All the actors give wholly convincing performances especially the lead child actor who is exceptional .
This film is enjoyable , light fare .
Although season seven was not as great when compared to the previous six , it was still funny .
If the answer to this question is yes , then you should enjoy this excellent movie .
It is really hard , in my family , to find a movie that everyone likes .
Only got to know her in her later years and wondered why she was in so many movies .
It 's a good movie but not one of their best .
It 's a great film and it 's unfortunate that the studio had to make several cuts to the movie .
All in all a good movie that is sure to continue being a favourite for years to come .
And it looks just as good today as it did upon it 's initial release .
It 's a genuine ripping yarn with intrigue , thrills , and suspense , including an exciting final twist .
It 's a quiet film about the bonds of friendship and shared experience .
It 's getting to know these icons and their stories that gives the film its warmth .
The entire story was twisted and unexpecting , which , is what made it entertaining .
He played the part rather well in my opinion .
It is a surprisingly funny satire of the building up of celebrity .
Corbin makes a great creepy dentist .
It 's a crime that this beautifully written and acted show was canceled .
I especially liked her when she poured out her secrets to the boy in the shack .
Boy is well worth the time and emotional energy involved in watching it .
This movie is one of my very favorites .
Che or , better , if they do not think highly of him .
The end showdown is a classic a tense rifle battle fought at long range in and around a rocky outcrop .
Slightly lesser sequel , but definitely still one to watch if you liked the first .
The ending is also unexpected and believable .
The action is superb from beginning to end , and there 's not much time to breathe in between .
The screwball comedies are always able to entertain , and this film belongs right in there with the best .
A very good pilot though for a very good series .
It does show the slowest moving tornadoes on record in the the seen where the boys are in the house .
The movie has a lot of good things about it .
The relationship with the family members could also have used a bit more attention .
The wonderful instrumental music lures you to appreciate the movie .
This one , however , was well crafted and plotted and had a very nice twist at the end .
The valentine cards themselves are witty , and well thought out .
It reveals new layers to you every time you watch it again .
Hope you enjoy this gem as much as i did .
It makes you think which is sometimes more important than pure entertainment .
To that end , and to the end of entertaining the audience , the film succeeds .
Some of her moments in this film brought me to tears .
All the bugs are finely crafted too .
He plays the perfect bumbling magician .
It 's a movie that gives you the creep and it 's worth a look .
Brosnan does well portraying a complex man , a very fine performance .
See it , i recommend it to all young people .
What drives the film is the characters , excellently played by mostly unknown actors .
I really enjoyed it and so did my friend .
I think the casting was brilliant for this film .
At first , you think she 's just a nice , ordinary girl who 's in love , but has mean parents .
The actors are all perfect , such that you feel like you have really entered a different world .
The acting in the film is not always great , but it is always decent , and it 's fits with the film .
I was very pleasantly surprised with this film .
It also contains some wonderful lines .
He always agrees with the stepmother 's attitudes towards
The story is compelling and is told with a certain degree of verve .
Recommended to anyone with a good sense of humor .
There 's magic in the number three , and there is magic in this movie .
It was an excellent film about adult family relationships .
I enjoyed the film because of the wittiness and pace of the story .
Very interesting and , thankfully , entertaining .
It is a enjoyable holiday movie for one and all .
He cuts the finest fashion figure of the lot , and quite a handsome gentleman .
The best and most unpredictable stories are all true ones .
The outcome , the sacrifice and the ensuing heart change are not compelling at all .
This really captures the heart of the book .
It 's a rich , warm novel brought to the screen , beautifully acted , and well directed .
All together , this is a wonderful film that tugs at all of human emotions .
The story and characters eventually wind down to what you 'd hope will happen , and that 's fine .
You ca not watch it again until you 've seen it the first time .
Halloween is undoubtedly one of the best movies of all time .
A delightful family film , which any amateur dancer would enjoy for the dance sequences alone .
It is truly a classic in the sense that it was a precursor to what is now depicted as the extended family .
This is undoubtedly a film that stays with you .
The language is awesome and passionate .
The large ensemble cast of actors plays well together and lovingly gives their time and energy to the project .
This was way more darker and real world .
Good story lines for each character and the two main characters is what makes this film very good .
On the other hand this is one of the funniest things to ever be on television .
But if you are a rap fan , even a casual one , you will love the inside jokes and references .
The beauty of this story comes from the way it is played out .
It is simply more realistic and has more believable characters .
I wrong and in that case i will be happy to know my mistakes so take the and notify me .
This is a very powerful and very inspiring movie .
Great screenplay and some of the best actors the world has ever produced .
There is plenty of action in the movie .
To this day , it remains one of my favorite films .
It is a film you will enjoy watching , or hate .
They are both perfect for this scenario in each film .
Pickford is , as always , a pleasure to watch .
The movie deals with family relationships , love , and finding someone who understands .
Todd is a consummate professional , and an all around nice guy .
It 's a fun flick with the same laughs and lovable characters as the first .
He is sensitive for several reasons .
This is a strange , cerebral , surreal , esoteric film .
It is in the essential change of nature where his work , though complete in its own sphere , is made whole .
There a good number of interesting and well played characters dispersed throughout the film as well .
I even liked most of the actors in it .
The performances are good and the final scene was incredibly touching .
It is definitely more of a drama rather than an action movie .
This was a delightful presentation .
Thanks to all for reading my comment .
In his genre it was a very ambitious movie even especially when you think that it was an independent movie .
Also the freedom that comes from that .
It 's very well made and has more psychological elements to it than you might realize at first glance .
Lee is , as always , superb in his role .
I hope that people will watch this movie and learn about important times in history like this one .
I recommend you watch it yourself and then watch it again with your friends .
And enjoy the unique style and substance of this masterpiece .
The costumes and makeup were flawless as well .
This kind , fun loving woman had a great deal of money .
It shoves noir in our faces , and it is not necessary .
The characters are what makes the movie so good .
I can still remember the characters vividly .
Both are excellent in their banter throughout the film .
Like any really fine film , it 's a journey in which the theme is redemption and the results of dreaming .
But it still is captivating and interesting .
The cinematography is excellent as expected .
I thought the whole cast was suitable , and found the film pretty enjoyable , all in all .
Other versions have blown it , but this gets it right .
I thought the children in the show did a very good job .
The film is definitely uneven and has a very experimental tone .
Cane turns in a quietly understated performance in his role , which works brilliantly in this case .
Men is a great action movie with lots of twists and turns .
It was well cast and there are some classic lines that will stick with you .
But unlike most films of this genre it also has a decent plot and lots of great comedy .
That was one of several moments that were wonderfully memorable .
There is humor , drama and relationship issues all in good time .
Normally you see a movie it has actors that are well known .
She finds peace and release with this .
And that 's the magic of the movies .
This show teaches good lessons about imagination and getting along well with others .
She is so damn beautiful who has nailed her role perfectly as if she was born to play this part .
Very well directed , and the acting is great .
I found it through a rare video dealer , and it was certainly worth it .
His performance is excellent because it 's so modulated .
This is easily the best show on television .
Those darker moments are the most haunting ones .
The story is about a woman who got captured and is tortured in a lot of different ways .
Acceptance of oneself , of human condition , though its overall difficulties , is the real purpose of the film .
Acceptance of oneself , of human condition , though its overall difficulties , is the real purpose of the film .
The ending is amazing in both its irony and its technical complexity .
It 's a simple hook , but it works .
The last section of the film , the grand dance sequence , is very impressive .
When he freaks out , it 's for several good reasons and ... well , see the film for the whole story .
They must have improvised during some parts and it works well .
It is a beautifully filmed human story .
But we all understand very well what we are seeing and it is supremely well done .
Considering history , though , the film 's impact was minimal at best .
Just watch for one of the most heart warming , beautifully acted , poignant scenes ever filmed .
Nevertheless , it is a very educational aspect and a realistic one .
In some ways , he even surpasses the master .
The acting was , of course , wonderful .
The film transcends into a dark film noir , with a couple of truly excellent scenes , and an even better finale .
Yes , she is beautiful but it is her intelligent reading of the role that scores mightily .
Buy it or do not , but the message is still there .
All father and son should watch this movie once and take some lessons for both roles .
I have recommended this film to all of my friends .
All around enjoyable , sweet , funny , gross etc ......
I can only thank those who kept the show so fresh and entertaining for so many years .
She also makes friends and experiences much in a short time .
This film id a true example of man vs. nature and sometimes man vs. man .
The subject is also so fascinating .
This was one of the all time best episodes .
The movie draws you in and gets you totally involved , so prepared to have an emotional experience viewing this .
Try the concert out , it really is amazing .
It takes but a moment for love to shine through a cloudy sky .
A disturbing reflection on human nature and its weaknesses .
You will not find any deep message in this movie , but it 's worth watching .
The story of the film is not especially deep , but it 's a pretty good fantasy tale .
If you want good laughs and a fun time , make sure to watch this movie .
It 's rare that he is brave enough to stand up against some superior supernatural force .
It is overly exaggerated at times , and there is some crude humor , but overall it manages to be somewhat funny .
Sabu 's genius can be shown with regard to some sequences of the movie .
This is a film that not only informs and entertains but leaves you with something to think about .
There 's also a great sense of humor .
But this movie , without a doubt , is definitely one of the best films of all time .
He paces the film superbly as well and has given it a great look .
The story , though , is what carries this film through .
The animation is not the best , but it is still good enough .
Buttgereit gives us his version of the oldest of tales .
If you like weird comical movies with great dialogue you will love it .
It 's a beautiful film to watch , and if you like wildlife footage , you should find this fascinating .
This was a great movie with a good cast , all of them hitting on all cylinders .
The moments where we find out both their secrets , if that is what you can call it , is a great moment .
Certainly the best this year until now .
The emotional punch of the film given the story is surprisingly minimal .
For one , it portrays true friendship and how to accept people for who they are .
I thought it was a really great story for a made for television movie .... and that 's my opinion .
For that , one must delve into the print versions of the plays .
Combine breathtaking cinematography with stunning acting and a gripping plot , and you have a masterpiece .
There is also death in this who follows the girl around until she is able to escape from her future .
Add them all up and you get the best comedy you 've never heard of .
Cinderella herself is , in my opinion , one of the greatest characters
I thought it was quite nice for the piece .
That 's rare for a movie in this category .
This is truly one entertaining movie .
There is some terrific cinematography and the lead girl is quite brilliant .
This first film was one of the best .
The film is based on the lives of real people .
This movie is probably my favorite movie of all time .
This is one of those films that you see smiling and you do not know why .
Definately a must see for everyone .
Still , it makes for a nifty little midnight movie .
This animation has a very simple and straightforward good vs. evil plot and is all about action .
Valentine is now one of my favorite slasher films .
She got to see the truth of what had happened that tragic day .
I say if a film makes you want to see what happens next , it 's a good film .
It creates some of the most awesomely unforgettable feelings and emotions you can possibly imagine .
This is a movie that should be seen by everyone if you want to see great acting .
It is a film about people and their lives , their mistakes , and their triumphs .
This movie has great style , fantastic visuals and hot sex scenes with a beautiful woman .
But , if you compare it to the shows earlier seasons , it s.. not good .
It was originally a play ... and it shows .
The films deal with dark themes at time .
Her timing was great and her expressions were priceless .
It is clever , it is a twisted view , but she would show us the truth in the humor and we laughed .
His journey begins at the local police station where he learns the stories of previous occupants .
The storyline was fast paced , emotional and full of the spirit the series had week in and week out .
These sequences got a lot a chuckles from the audience as well .
If you like fairy tales and romances you will love this .
The cinematography is excellent and the music is melodious , meaningful and haunting .
This movie is fun to watch while it lasts .
The characters are unique and believable .
The special effects and thrills is really good and some of it is surprising .
Lucky this film is not real , or we would have a lot more people in this world on death row .
I think it is handled with amazing creativity and personality , and emotional heart .
Shower is a film one walks away from smiling and touched by its warmth and humanity .
You will remember this movie for many years .
That way you get into the storyline more and night time viewing works well with this movie .
Still he is a very unique type though on the screen he sometimes might seem a little more tedious than necessary .
It s a nice film to see with friends , it s a charmer , and has some funny jokes .
Truly one of the funniest routines of all time .
The film offers a lot of warmth humor .
In some ways it 's a lot better and in other ways , it is definitely not .
The characters are simple , but their simplicity adds to the humor stylization .
Because that s what really makes it entertaining .
Novak 's vulnerability was excellent .
The place was pretty packed and we all laughed so hard it was easy to miss lines .
Overall , the film was good , but not great .
Steele definitely makes the movie too .
This is a very moving motion picture with a terrific cast of actors .
However , not knowing about the story helped me enjoy it .
If you enjoy a fun , comedy filled evening , then go and rent this classic .
So , given the limitations of the time , this film is pretty good and is one of the earlier horror films known .
Great atmosphere and terror follow .
The dialogue throughout is excellent .
While it 's first season might be a little shaky , it 's final few are well thought out and well shot .
We liked the movie and the message , and would recommend it for the entire family .
The arrival of an world famous conductor sets of unexpected events and feelings in the small village .
I can relate to the different events and hardships in people 's lives .
I recommend anyone to watch this movie as it has very good points in the film , and is a really good ending .
The casting alone makes it a nearly perfect movie .
The casting alone makes it a nearly perfect movie .
Yes , it 's gritty and brutally realistic as life on the prairie was in those days .
Both sequences are quite gripping in different ways .
God is still made to look and think like humans ... and , of course , be a bit on the liberal side .
Sky one of the most emotional , and complex thrillers ever made .
It takes a little while to warm up to it .
This wonderful film pokes fun at the plasticness of the urban art chain .
It is simple and undemanding , and at the same time so rewarding in emotion and joy .
It is totally refreshing to me to have this movie in my library .
Tears came to my eyes watching this documentary .
The acting is uniformly excellent throughout .
The movie is well paced , beautifully acted and interesting from start to finish .
But it was an absorbing , adrenalin fueled , touching movie with excellent casting of the main character .
I do not think anybody really understands what innocence means ..... to innocent people .
The animated sequence is also very well done with the live actors .
A lovely and charming fantasy that will engulf and enchant you .
I 'm just glad this movie was very entertaining .
A wonderful love story , whose gloss of chess might make it appear cerebral .
Their tone is serious , but the dialog is flowered with incredible wit and humor .
Anyway , everyone involved in this film did an absolutely outstanding job .
Well s though might happened in the next hundred years , this is a must see .
Carell is sweet and human , as his character is not some layabout who approaches this thing with his eyes shut .
The music was good though not great but filled out the movie nicely .
When characters go in search of vengeance you really feel their anger and pain .
The film is almost hypnotic as it draws you into the lives of its characters .
It is one of those quiet films that repays looking at again and again , simple yet profound .
And he has a wonderful singing voice .
Danes can as well and both do extraordinarily well in this often challenging film .
The things they do are sometimes dumb but that 's what makes it my third favorite movie of all time .
What strikes first about this movie about a soccer world cup is the way it is filmed .
It was clean and great for whole family .
An absolutely refreshing show with real characters and real stories .
It really makes the movie believable and memorable .
It is funny , dark and extremely enjoyable .
These guys were definitely the best of their generations and even more .
Definitely worth seeing despite its flaws .
Naturally it gets him into quite a bit of trouble , and eventually , a number of mysteries are revealed .
Even after so many years , this film is still terrific .
There are so many fantastic one liners in the film .
But there were also times when the emotion ran thick .
It is not an easy movie to find , but is well worth looking out for .
It was magical and it was lots of fun to watch .
Perfectly written , perfectly cast , perfectly directed , and perfectly acted .
Does not matter though , you will enjoy yourself anyway .
If you love a good romance film , then you will love this movie .
Once in a while , a film comes along that raises the bar for every other film in its genre .
She was fantastic in her role , by the way ....
Also there 's the chemistry between actors and their characters , that are also amazing .
Deewaar is a well directed movie that keeps a good pace and does justice to all actors .
The atmosphere of the movie is impressive and dark .
I happened upon this film by accident , and really enjoyed .
The film is skillfully directed and paced and captures the frenetic world of the drug fiends in their element .
A film of this caliber will influence many films following it s release for years to come .
Often the most funny parts are the parts where the mature themes collide with the innocent ones .
West is one of those tight noir thrillers we rarely see anymore .
You could easily see both movies side by side for a textbook compare and contrast session .
This movie was definitely not what i expected and certainly a lot slower pace in which i hoped .
Macy shows a repressed sadness , and his bedtime talks with his young son are amazing .
After watching he 's movies , you will find your new fears .
It is a great character study and is flawless in the way it speeds to it 's conclusion .
Paulie is an occasionally very touching film .
Sabrina is a young girl who moves in with her aunts who as it turns out are witches and she is one to .
Clearly if your favorite movies did not win , you will say the show was not very good .
I highly recommend that you watch this if you have not already .
This film is beautiful and we hope the restoration effort will be enjoyed by many generations to come .
Rosenstrasse is a touching story of courage in adversity .
I thought the movie was incredible and wished to see it again .
This movie touches a sensitive topic in a sensitive way .
Good dialogue and realism makes this an interesting view , even more if you know that part of germany a bit .
If you watch a few episodes of this show , you will get everything and want to get more .
I love indie films and this one is just great .
Stewart , however , refuses the job , because he plans to get all the gold he can , and then pull out .
The movie had you on a roller coaster ride and you went up and down with each scene .
On one hand their classic dynamic together is missed , but it is a change of pace .
A simple movie in the beginning , a simple movie in the end .
It 's an unusual story that is fun to watch .
First he has to share his own room with his brothers who are going to run a business .
The family dynamics are funny , and all in all the same you see in most comedy shows .
She is also able to help her own relationship with her father in the long run .
The film is beautiful , heartbreaking , funny , and incredibly moving .
If you 're a normal person you will get scared by this .
I liked the way it was told as a documentary .
Scene after scene captures some detail , some little bit of visual magic that takes your breath away .
She had excellent comic instincts and timing .
If you just want a flight of fancy and some wonderful music , watch this film .
As always , humour is an integral part of the film , accompanied , of course , by a great deal of mugging .
This movie was a genuine happy surprise , the satire is genius .
It 's worth seeing it you have not seen it .
This was a very good action film with some great set pieces .
That said , the beginning and the ending of the film are nevertheless both elegant and powerful .
The actors were fabulous , the pace was perfect , and the ending was magical .
There is still commentary and even a little satire .
Great viewing for kids and adults alike .
He offers her the chance to have a fling with him and she reluctantly accepts .
The film was exciting and fun throughout and always left me guessing .
If you really watch this film , one can tell that it will be as funny and fresh a hundred years from now .
The charm and balance with which it does this is near enough perfect .
The campfire scene is filled with enjoyable action , though the choice of actors in this scene is questionable .
It 's an unforgettable ' journey ' .
A lovely film , if you take the time to watch it ...
His job is to attend to the needs of the passengers .
And the boy learns to accept this love and caring .
I thought this movie was fantastic .
I recommend the book , but the movie is still entertaining .
There are also several books available concerning his life history .
Some say that this is his best film .
The pacing of this superb film is taut and gripping .
This movie will change everything you think you know about prison life , and the inmates held within it .
It had such an amazing level of emotion and great characterisation running through it .
This is a great film that should be seen by everyone .
Original and unsettling while also finding a great deal of humor in the pain that accompanies life .
Now her apartment is dark and gritty .
I had to see this gem twice to really appreciate all of it .
That is definitely so not true and very , very sad .
Of course the reverse is equally true .
One of my friends said it was her favorite movie .
If you are not careful , you will miss some of the levels of humor in this movie .
The plot is both haunting and inspiring .
The end of the movie differs to the book , but still very good .
A smart , slightly twisted comedy that makes you think .
I still watch it , and it does make me laugh .
Modesty 's history as a child is shown and is very true to the original .
This is a must see for anyone and everyone .
This is a poem on film , wonderfully presented and photographed with sensitive artistry .
It 's actually is a pretty fun , swashbuckling adventure that , even with it 's flaws , captures your interest .
While they may be home now , you can tell this war is still inside them and probably always will be .
This movie is great for a mature intelligent audience .
In short , this film will leave you feeling fresh , determined , and satisfied .
This scene certainly ranks as one of the most unusual in the history of horror films and is a delirious treat .
The kind of movie you can watch again and again and always find something new .
Some of the dialog is wonderfully clever .
I 've sought out this film ever since , seen it over and over again , and always loved it .
There are some action and tense moments , but most of the story is played for laughs .
The impermanence of life , the beauty of nature , the interconnectedness of all things , etc .
However , the fact that the movie ran over two nights broke that momentum at its peak .
The main strength of the movie however is the superb soundtrack .
There may have been a weekly crisis , but it was the strong family atmosphere that pulled everyone together .
It 's a great flick for guys who like movies .
You have to understand , certain things we today would view as sexual , back then would be considered innocent .
Definitely a must see for gorehounds and zombie fans .
You will love it if you like his brand of humor and , more importantly , his music .
But nevertheless it 's still a good movie .
The end is very surprising and intelligent .
The friendship , the wanting to fit in , the first sexual feelings ...
It was an excellent piece to the puppet series because this film showed all of the series , from one to seven .
Have not seen in her in a lot of things and she did her job very convincingly .
A thing of beauty is a joy forever .
You must watch this movie from beginning to end to understand every part of the movie .
I was deeply touched and moved by the brave little boy and the beautiful eagle .
I will forever hold this great piece of indie horror close to my heart .
A dream is a wish your heart makes , this movie captures everything a girl could want .
The time is the future and for many not aware of it , that day is now .
Weber is perfect as the distant father who has an opportunity to come closer to a son he does not understand .
It 's not a perfect movie , but it definitely deserves another look and perhaps a cult following .
This is more like real life than is pleasant , folks .
It taught me a lot about life and death , and brought forth in me a lot of emotion .
I saw this movie about a week ago and still keep thinking about it .
Till then we 've got this great classic to appreciate and enjoy .
See this movie that will look familiar at times but is totally new on a lot of areas .
And it 's still not at the top of my list .
All these elements are able to surprise and create suspense although the outcome is pretty certain .
The action sequences are fast paced and keeps you on the edge of your seat .
Our reactions can cause these negative side effects , but also great moments of beauty .
An excellent film in which to see the burgeoning of one of film 's greatest stars .
They are ideal and convey perfectly the various contradictions and demonstrate a pure delight in lovemaking .
The backcountry it was shot in is beautiful and is quite in contrast to the dark subject matter .
For all you people who likes a movie based on a sport with a good plot i 'd suggest that you check this one out
Really basic , but with a sweet heart to it .
The casting is amazing and one can see the judgements on each scene from many angles .
It showed so well and early on how inherently reserved and simple the people of the area were .
It is an incredible story of a strong and devoted people .
It 's sad that so few people understand the true beauty of this film .
She looks beautiful throughout the whole movie , and portrays an innocent and shy traditional girl perfectly .
It seems to be a perfect day for swimming .
He makes love , convincingly as well .
The results are spontaneously romantic and surprisingly consistent .
This is a brilliant political satire .
What got me most is the realism of the story and drama .
Paulie was cute , cool , enjoyable and quite fulfilling .
There already are excellent comments dealing with these aspects .
I watched this film during the day , and it still gave me nightmares nearly a week later .
I own this movie and have watched it several times throughout the years since it was released .
For anyone who liked the series this movie will be something to watch .
It 's not the most profound episode , there 's no great meaning or message .
The acting is , for the most part , very good .
Despite this , the film has an excellent sense of pace , and does not drag at all .
It 's a must see and i hope u share my interests
They all did a great job in my opinion .
Wells ' classic novel , and we found it to be very entertaining .
I 've watched the film over and over , by myself and with friends , and it is still fresh and funny .
It was a more innocent era in our country and we watch a ' functional ' family dealing in things together .
Each character has something to offer , that makes them likable by everyone who could appreciate this film .
But all the actors are equally brilliant .
More than that , our choices also can affect those around us in ways we never expected .
The acting is stunningly wonderful .
His portrayal of this was just amazing .
And that is why the film works so well .
Also , the graphics , the format , and the theme music are brilliant .
This is a great movie that everyone should see .
This movie is bound to be a classic .
The first real noir , but even darker .
He makes great job expressing the feelings from the book to the film .
Woo also plays his role very believable .
Once a year comes a movie like that and makes things easy for you .
Very possibly one of the funniest movies in the world .
First , the art direction is tight and well executed .
It 's part familiar territory but manages to take it over the top as well .
From canon we know the history of the future .
They really managed to put together a piece of magic that will stand the test of time for many years to come .
First off , this really is my favorite film ever .
I recommend this movie to all film noir fans .
Great film , setting , story , soundtrack and characters .
I think this is some of his best work .
You know the outcome , but you ca not help being drawn in .
In her high school there is plenty of friction between her female classmates and guys .
Stanley learns more about the past , more about himself , and more about digging holes .
The graphics of the game are outstanding and also the voice recording is very professional .
I have already recommended it too other people to watch since it is well worth the view .
This is a great film and should be seen .
I rented this movie when it came out on video tape and really enjoyed it .
I 've seen this movie at theater when it first came out some years ago and really liked it a lot .
This movie can make you cry at times too , which is always a nice touch in movies .
I will watch it for years to come , all three great hours of it .
Its commentary is clear and unwavering as is the breathtaking cinematic style of this well crafted feature .
Just a genius perfect combination for such a movie .
Beautiful photography , haunting music .
And if you are young and you want know more about the female body you 've got to see it twice
There is not a lot of back up from other people to say that this movie is great , but it is .
They come up smiling with water in their eyes and still hit their marks .
This movie is a perfect example of his work .
No movie is perfect and this one has a few faults .
The accompanying music fits perfectly and is very pleasant to the ear .
It is also a riveting detective story , well made and well told .
Other than that the segment is still good .
On the crime front it shows the truth .
We see her gather up the courage to hold all her fears and doubts at bay .
The detail associated with this series of films is excellent especially the ships and planets used in it
I would love to talk more in depth about the film for any one who wishes to send me an email .
But all is forgiven by the time it does reach it 's destination and the story comes to a close .
I enjoyed a lot watching this movie .
It will be there when you check out .
But getting back to the movie , all the performances were excellent .
She is beautiful with a great voice and has a face that exudes complete innocence .
It is available on video so make sure you look for it and check it out .
My son had great fun watching all these funny birds and ice bears .
I consider the film to have been the greatest of his films at the time of its release .
She was excellent throughout the film and her acting in the last few scenes was particularly impressive .
Olivier 's narration is excellently written and , of course , superbly given .
At least until now , and what an amazing movie this one is .
The scene with him and telling his mom that he was a superhero almost brought tears to my eyes .
You do not have time to give a perfect answer , urgency is there , and it is for life or death .
Well , the simple answer is the story .
There are many touching scenes and there are many hilarious ones also .
This whole movie gives you a warm feeling , seeing him play with the world around him with such love .
This is a very touching movie that all people should see ..
The rest of the cast is wonderful , as is that stunning ballet troupe .
And it 's also got great emotional depth to it too .
It was paced gently and every line in the film held its worth .
There also was some memorable stunts , which were so impressive that they made this movie an action classic .
I only wish that more people had gone to see this when it was released and seen it for what it really is .
Scoop is wonderful escapist fare from start to finish .
This is a generally nice film , with good story , great actors and great songs .
Every scene was put together perfectly .
It has all the typical things you expect from a traditional kung fu film .
Overall , this movie wo not change your life , but is is sweet , warm and winning .
And it has quite a bit of satire there to .
Weatherly also does an awesome job , as well as the rest of the cast .
Unlike the novel , it has received very little release .
It also shows his range and depth as an actor .
Best indie we 've seen in a while and the most effective indie calling card we 've ever seen .
It 's very touching , the ending is original , and it keeps you into the movie like it is suppose to .
I agree with everyone who says that this series was the best of the ' spy ' genre .
Sam hits close to home , is lovely to look at and so much fun to play along with .
I thought the jokes were great and the theme show as well as the other musical numbers are wonderfully bizarre .
Overall it deserves a look but the ending keeps it from being a classic .
This tender beautifully crafted production delved deep down bitter sweet into my being .
The special effects are incredible for the era , and won awards .
The iconic finish to the number reaffirms to the viewer that he or she has indeed seen something truly special .
If you want to have an enjoyable couple of hours , definitely check this one out .
Have to say one of my favorite movies of all time .
Made the whole experience a lot more enjoyable .
The plot of this one is more cohesive than the first , which is quite amazing .
What a wonderful droll commentary the film provides even after all these years .
It 's been a great , moving and exciting backdrop for movies and it remains a great , great city .
I thought the special effects were excellent , better than the trailer .
Although the acting may not be superb , the fight scenes are fantastic .
This film is beautifully photographed with an excellent soundtrack .
The details of the real life murders make this movie even more eerie .
Of course the main stars in this one are great , but the supporting actors are also superb .
Sometimes with age people lose their sense of humor ...
I think it will help your viewing experience a lot more .
Even the cinematography is excellent given the urban setting , the directing also is excellent and innovative .
And the love theme was beautiful and tragic .
I know something about midwest tornadoes , it made this movie fun for me .
The story is pure fantasy , but a delightful one .
I was also impressed with the acting for the most part .
Cypher is a clever , effective and eerie film that delivers .
The first seven seasons , though , were awesome .
The colors and the management of the cameras , superb .
Our emotions are as torn and on edge as the characters .
He has now been adopted by a wonderful family who fought for him for almost two years .
The performances and attention to detail were wonderful to watch .
This film is an excellent military movie .
I also heard it won an award from that particular festival , and it definitely deserved it .
This is an excellent but hard to find trippy
He is perfect as the responsible son who is still young but trying to be the adult in the family .
And that is truly shown in the series .
West is one of those rare films that keeps you guessing the entire time as to what will happen next .
This picture is well worth the time .
Whoever thought to do that was a twisted but brilliant genius .
A lot of twists and turns in this one with some of it being somewhat unexpected .
Most people , especially young people , may not understand this film .
You could not make a movie like this today and it is rich in cinematic history .
It makes me smile , it makes me laugh , it makes me think , it makes me cry .
This film is , quite simply , brilliant .
Great actors and cast , the movie really gets you into the feeling of the movie .
He 's adorable as a child and grows into a sensitive artist .
His role and his acting is the best of the movie .
Surprisingly , it was the adults that captured the audiences attention .
But if you do see this movie you will realise
Due to the excellent cast all five of the major players are wonderfully interesting and dynamic .
I found it sick , brilliant , twisted , and psychologically sophisticated .
It has affected my view of the world and the peoples in it .
Nanavati did a great job putting this short together .
It will make you laugh for years to come .
This is a great film to watch with your best girlfriend .
Girlfight is a true taste of reality and it put some faith back into my perception of people .
Well you get what you pay for guys .
The camera is always moving and keeps your attention going .
Overall the film was entertaining , and definitely worth a trip to the multiplex .
The sound is excellent ... very crisp and realistic .
This is an amazing documentary about a shocking day .
I love this movie and have seen it quite a few times over the years .
It does not do justice to this incredible movie .
I actually recommend buying the film since a first viewing on a rent will not do this justice .
I saw the movie recently and really liked it .
It gives a rare look of an innocent mentality , that we have long lost .
What this series also tells us that in real life , wars are very hard and we can sometimes win , or lose .
The raw emotion he displays is superb .
I thought this movie was very well put together .
Braveheart is great entertainment , to be sure , but there are flaws as well .
This is not the best romantic comedy ever made , but it is certainly pretty nice and watchable .
Whenever you get the chance , see it .
But still , it is a pretty good film .
This indie will have you discussing the twists and turns it takes through the conscious and subconscious .
That is both from a innovative and an entertaining aspect .
Things you would not be able to do or see is accomplished beautifully .
The ending scene , even if you already know what is going to happen , is still very touching and memorable .
The range of emotions within it is the mark of a great movie .
Watch it to have fun , how it was originally intended .
It has a captivating story , an awesome main character , very good acting and killer action .
But still having to deal with the rumours .
Although not presented in the best way possible , the film gives us more than a purely enjoyable time .
This is probably my favorite movie of all time .
These movies deal with great themes , such as revenge and undying love .
It 's hard to say which episode was my favorite .
One of the best if not the best rock 'n ' roll movies ever .
It involves realistic events with truly enjoyable and imperfect characters .
Smith does a great job portraying a man carrying around a lot of sadness .
Absolutely stunning , warmth for the head and the heart .
Even after beating the game there 's still plenty more to be done .
All the cool guys always get killed .
I also thought that the actual acting performances were surprisingly good .
Not the sort of movie you could watch every week but it has a strong punch and is beautifully filmed .
This was a really creative movie kept simple and focused with great acting by all .
It 's no masterpiece , but it has a special place in its genre .
Great movie , as long as you do not expect it to be classic cinema .
I saw this movie when it first came out , and instantly liked it .
This film is a testament to those who lost their lives and the true evil that terror brings .
Mann certainly did a first rate job directing this film , and the viewer will appreciate the results .
I 'm sure he has his followers , though .
And what makes it so true is that it is not even too fantastic to believe .
Loy are perfectly cast as a middle class couple who want to build the house of their dreams .
Even , the last scene was awesome and cool .
The footage is fantastic , and so is the way it was put together .
Sure a nice movie but it definitely stands in the shadow of europa .
I think that this movie is very fun and horror .
There several moments in the film where one is brought to tears .
Great film to view and enjoy , especially all the good acting from all the supporting actors .
I really think that this movie is great , personally .
Fans of the gangster genre are likely to appreciate it in that aspect .
But the reward is always worth it , and that 's the way it is with this film .
Grant has always been a favorite of mine in this type of role .
Certain images definitely stand out .
He does a great job showing the fearless general tempered with the humane side of the man .
The few times the music is heard is during the beginning as we are shown how she makes her way up the chain .
The original film is still very good .
The movie is a bit thin after reading the book , but it 's still one of the greatest movies ever made .
It 's funny , romantic , and a classic .
Quaid does a very good job playing the man , the teacher , coach and ' oldest rookie ' ....
Every performance is absolutely perfect .
This movie has the most beautiful opening sequence ever made .
Its stark realism shows through this monumental masterpiece .
All this is true and shown in the film .
This is one of the best animated family films of all time .
This film delivers an effective story that stays with you once it has finished .
I personally thought this was a great film .
The cast is brilliant and international here .
This film can definitely stand all on its own .
The comedy in this movie is the best thing about it , but it could have been a lot more scary and chilling .
But she will continue to see him in her dreams .
Othello is the big time soldier in his city , he is loved by everyone , including the king .
It is a film in which the musical score is in perfect tandem with its images .
Moonstruck is a lovely little film directed by superb story teller ,
They perform a necessary service , ensuring that the best members of the prey species survive .
An excellent movie about two cops loving the same woman .
From the storyline to the way it is shot makes this indie one of my favorites .
I 'm pleased to tell you that this adaptation is every bit as good as the intense and dramatic play .
Yes i will say before i start commenting , this movie is incredibly underrated .
The movie is terrific , but it is not without it s share of flaws .
It is done so well that you find yourself willing them to get together ...
I really enjoyed this movie and would recommend it .
Anyone who is not hooked on this , are missing one of the most important creative expressions in television ever .
It is an amazingly accurate and sensitive portrayal of bulimia in a teenage girl , its causes and its symptoms .
The quiet simplicity of this film draws you in from the opening shot and never lets go .
But the scene where the reflection walks out of the mirror still packs a wallop .
The story of the haunted station is actually spooky even for present day standards .
Masks is a moving film that works on many levels .
I recommended everyone to go see this movie .
So now my favorite book and movie have the same title .
I thoroughly enjoyed the first part of this two parter ,
This is a movie that works best if you are immersed into it .
Well now , this was certainly a surprise episode .
In both movies , all the actors gave their best romantic performances .
And in my opinion , one of the best movies ever made .
The final showdown is specially breathtaking and the music score is kinda cool .
Still worth it if they can sit still .
This is truly a beautiful cartoon and is well worth seeing .
Any child or family members will enjoy this wonderful and magical story .
The music adds great emotion and excitement to the plot and is exquisite and memorable .
His characters are amazing and relatable .
Although the story itself is fiction , many of the references that the two musicians used were very accurate .
Obviously a film that has had great influence not only on the buddy genre but action genre as well .
Now a lot of the reviews here mentioned the wonderful performances of the leads .
Beautiful pictures with love for beautiful details .
The movie itself is not earth shattering , nor is the message new but rather it is sweet and endearing .
It is in my opinion , the scariest movie of all time .
It is a comic masterpiece and deserves the remarkable amount of praise from the critics who have been loving it .
Pick up a copy and sit back and enjoy a true family movie , with the whole family .
When , the bird comes to eat the bugs , that scene was superb and good .
Because you will want to see it again .
The patient and unassuming viewer will be thoroughly rewarded in ways most other films could dream .
It 's a lot of fun for a number of reasons .
This was one of the funniest and greatest sitcom to hit national television .
Cried my eyes off , first time in my life for a movie .
All in all , it 's a good film for fans of the genre .
This shows how easily people rationalize their feelings or their beliefs according to the established system .
I highly recommend it for audiences who want something thoughtful .
This is one movie that will take time to get out of your head once you have seen it .
Frownland is a labor of love by the crew , the actors and the filmmaker , shot over years by friends .
The movie is very well done and all actors play their roles well .
The sets are not amazing , but simple and worked for the overall look of the film .
She 's a spirit you do not want to cross paths with , yet alone let her see you .
Due to the nature of it you can see why it was not well received .
Stone once again delivered a great character .
The battle scenes , though rare , are pretty well executed .
All in all a very good ride with a rather strange and unexpected ending .
I thought it was quite good to be honest .
The two leads are perfectly cast as their unique features tell you a story that needs no words .
My religion and the vision of the world and human is different .
Bonanza had a great cast of wonderful actors .
The best day of my life was about to happen .
He did a wonderful job of making a character really come to life .
Worth checking out if you can find it .
All in all , an excellent piece of work .
Probably the finest fantasy film ever made .
This movie is perfect for all the romantics in the world .
They are shown so deeply , strong and believable .
The soundtrack is really good , and the set pieces are a joy to behold .
This film is worth your time to see .
You get to know these characters and you get sympathy for them .
This is a very dreamlike film , full of great atmosphere .
What sticks with me the most in the film are the tense sequences .
Really heartwarming , and definitely recommended .
The ending was not twisty , but it was still excellent .
It is a moving performance , and one of the movie 's most dramatic scenes .
Her smile is captivating and her body is flawless .
But you must be intelligent and quick to understand his humor .
He pieces more and more of her life together .
An extremely enjoyable film experience that is worth repeated viewings .
It is a rare morality play full of food for thought .
That one little scene stays with me vividly after all these years , along with many others .
We found it such a refreshing change from today 's ' in your face ' and ' clobber them over the head ' mentality .
Absorbing apocalyptic drama builds it 's story methodically and is completely original and unpredictable .
There is so much humor , but also tense moments as well as lovely tender scenes .
This was great family entertainment , and the series stands up very well by any measure .
And he will also know whether or not it was worth it .
You will find yourself laughing from the first moment through the very last scene .
The writing was fantastic , and the characters were all rich , and simple .
You also experience what it 's like to lose a love like that by the end of the movie .
The actors are great and the effects well executed throughout .
Loved the two families crossing paths in history .
Watch it as soon as you can , and tell your friends about it .
Watch it as soon as you can , and tell your friends about it .
See it and it may change your way of life .
They are rich and intelligent and well worth your time if you like movies with good scripts .
This gem for gore lovers is extremely underrated .
This is an excellent film dealing with a potentially exploitative subject with great sensitivity .
This movie is humorous , charming , and easily becomes a favorite for those who enjoy light entertainment .
It has so many memorable images and moments where you feel you are encroaching on a very private world .
It 's easy to laugh at stuff like this and even easier to dismiss it .
My favourite quote from the film is when in court the advocate says
You have to see this movie just because it will entertain and amuse you and that 's worth the price of a ticket .
The photography and the compositions are excellent .
The film clearly shows you how unfair life is for some people .
How about the , the female characters and the cosmeticly perfect actresses who are chosen to portray them .
Wonderfully casted , and superbly acted across the board .
Then later on though it was good but not great .
There are some excellent comments and observations on this film .
This movie is a true masterpiece , it really is .
It s a small world and this little movie shows us .
Definitely a movie you will have to see twice in order to fully appreciate .
Spanky is in his glory in this hilarious little film , arguably his best .
Monahan is a filmmaker who is demonstrating great skill and incredible sensitivity .
It 's still a magical and moving piece of cinema that also serves as a great final chapter .
It also made many of their best stories into great western drama .
If you 're lucky , your copy will come with a copy of the soundtrack like mine did .
This was a great movie with a good story .
Sure it has some extremes .. but every now and then real life sorrow surpasses art .
It 's sweet , funny and warms your heart .
Other reviewers have summarized this film noir well .
The actresses are all very interesting and definitely worth watching in their natural beauty .
All in all this is a powerful movie with a very fine script and some excellent acting .
Most of the cast , supporting as well as regular , play off each other well , and the material tends to be great .
Spring is on its way , and life goes on .
It may not be comfortable viewing , but it 's certainly worth it .
This movie is so wonderful , it 's hard to find words to describe it .
I actually quite enjoyed this show .
Only complaint is that the movie gets very twisted at points and is hard to really understand .
The movie has a sense of humor , and it is very sharp , but it is definitely a drama where it counts .
I appreciated the photography , the textures , the colours and often , unlike one comment , the lighting .
It easily draws you into the beauty , joys , hardships and sorrow of pioneer life .
If you want to be moved and inspired , you definitely need to check out this one .
It blew me away then and in many respects it still does now .
Laputa is also surprisingly a funny film .
The movie is also presented in superb cinemascope format , which adds to the cinema experience .
Both movies move you to tears at times , and both make you smile and feel all warm after seeing them .
If you get a chance to see this film , watch it .
I do not know how the creators do it , but each character touches me very deeply .
It was a great film , worth every penny .
You are there with the two characters , you experience their states of mind if you go deeper into what you see .
And she 's also my favorite part of the entire movie .
Reading the earlier comments persuaded me to give it a shot .
The film is also simply amazing visually .
Cheung is beautiful and her presence on screen makes this movie worth watching .
In my opinion , this film is a jewel , thanks to many things , of which one is the outstanding acting .
The script is flawless and the performances are top notch .
During this film , you will probably think about your own dentist a few times .
It is safe to say that this movie is certainly on my favorites list .
Though at first she helps , soon she adds more craziness to their lives then the couple bargained for .
Busy , also did a great job with her role in this film .
The story is light and entertaining .
Holly does a fantastic job with her character .
This movie is an incredible psychological study , and is wonderfully depressing and uplifting .
All in all , this movie is definitely worth watching .
I had tears in my eyes from laughter throughout a lot of the movie .
He gives an honest and touching performance here .
This is one of the most interesting and unique scenes in the history of film .
A family film in every sense and one that deserves the praise it received .
This is the most wonderful part of the whole movie and it really tugs your heart .
The movie is well worth watching whatever your age , provided you like animals .
Hoffman has often been brilliant , but never more so than in this portrayal .
The soundtrack is great with inspiring rock eg.
I loved the whole feel of the small village and the slower pace of life in those times .
It is a great movie for the whole family .
It is quite a simple not very active but very charming film .
It was a great story line and showed that people are so intricate in all kinds of different ways .
This is a nice little horror flick that fans of indie films will really appreciate .
It was intricate and well written and all the characters where likable with out being horribly sweet .
A perfect example of how you can make a great movie on a small budget .
Definitely one of my favourite movies .
Even the humblest of your fellow human beings can affect you in ways you never thought possible .
I ca not remember the last time a movie has drawn tears out of me .
See this movie , you will laugh from start to finish .
I highly recommend that you watch this film at www.spatulamadness.com or www.filmcow.com .
See it , buy it , show it to your friends .
This is a great movie for kids , and for adults who want a classic hero 's journey .
The minor technical faults can and must be forgiven .
A great movie worth seeing again and again .
We get to see them make fun of the events in the first film .
But this is a good movie for the entire family and worth the time to watch it .
A perfect outcome , it is no wonder this movie is that perfect and won that many prices .
Immensely moving , and as profound as camp ever gets .
This was a great comedy , fun and human with that slight satiric edge .
Casting is excellent and the dramatic portrayal is outstanding with a very commanding plot line .
I love it for its originality , most fun .
It was definitely worth the time and money to watch it .
This is a very exciting and romantic film .
Someday they will thank you for it .
But besides the incredible performances , another real star of this film is the incredible music .
Most of the actors performed very well , which most certainly is needed in realistic dramas of this type .
If you can get a copy of it , watch and enjoy .
This is a film that stays with you after viewing .
There is a crazy grandmother who really wants the best for your grandchildren .
It 's beautifully shot , superbly edited , and does deliver the goods .
With no violence and such a warming story it s a great movie to relax to and just enjoy your night .
It 's every bit as entertaining as it sounds .
Except for this considerable flaw , the ending was excellent and the results unexpected .
In all , the film is gripping in its aesthetic quality and it 's portrayal of surprising beauty .
She shows a capability and range that are incredible .
Certainly not everybody 's cup of tea , but very highly recommended to fans of controversial and unusual cinema .
The acting for every character was superb .
Brilliant film of a brutal true story .
The supporting cast is great , as well .
Throughout the show character development was brilliant , it was fast , well timed and almost perfect .
This is a good movie , but it is not recommended if you do not like intelligent movies .
Every character in the movie complimented each other very well , the two cops were great .
It also has a strong message about the power of friendship and what it can mean to someone .
I recommend you watch it and see for yourself .
Fortunately , the story of this book with moving pictures is good .
The episode is played for laughs , but it also can be pretty intense at times .
See the film to find out the gritty details .
The film is filled with blood , super action and the best stunts forever .
All you need is a excellent story line and plot .
I never got around to reading the book seriously knowing the story line so well .
The feel of this movie was amazing .
Growing up is not easy , sometimes we got to explore life how it is .
It has become part of our family culture , and we quote the characters often .
There are so many other things to say about this incredible film .
The film is beautifully shot , family friendly , moving and , hopefully , something good for everyone .
Its unique , fun and bursting with adventure .
This film is definitely worth a look .
This film is a refreshing , bold , gritty and true film .
This is a great movie ..............
The film quality is excellent and the music is good , too , though unavailable on sound track .
This episode is striking for its simplicity and stark terror .
Good , movement , great lightning and good composition and editing makes this enjoyable to watch .
But however , this show is truly the best of the best .
I hope that we will have to wait for many more episodes to find out ......
It 's got a surprising number of good qualities .
The cinematography is splendid and the score is perfect .
Time will be very good to this film .
This film is the perfect combination of sharp directing and superior acting .
This film is one of the best of all time , certainly in the horror genre .
It is the one that got canceled before the end of the first season .
What a stunning episode for this fine series .
This is the perfect method to reveal the history .
A really great movie and true story .
I highly recommend it for those who just want to laugh like a maniac .
One of the best movies for all ages .
Both did quite a few movies together back in those days , of which this one is probably their best known one .
The other cast members do a great job also .
It 's worth catching for the songs and dances but the over length of it does get to you after a while .
The dialogue is wonderful , you can just lay back and listen .
The soundtrack was excellent , a blend of everything .
This is where the vengeance and anger comes into play .
I 'm so happy that this movie was made and the amazing idea came to mind and heart .
I just recently watched it again , and loved it every bit as much as the first time .
The game is sort of weird but there is plenty of things you can do in the game .
Eye also works well because of its young and talented cast .
It 's one of those works where it really shows through that everyone involved got a kick out of taking part .
What a surprisingly good movie this one turned out to be .
Yes , it has singing , but it is very nicely crafted into the story and is very melodic to hear .
With plenty of fantasy , sexual innuendo , and thrilling adventure .
Overall if you are a fan of noir movies , then this one is for you .
Dale brings all the characters together with his wonderful narration of the show .
Go ahead and rent or buy this movie you will be glad you did .
It 's the essential , and absolute , magic of the movies .
It 's an incredible story that keeps you thinking after you 've read it .
It well written well acted and well cast .
But the movie did it s job and did it very well , presenting a great depiction of life after
This show , unlike most game show , was fun .
It 's very nearly perfect in my view .
Both actors play off each other brilliantly and bring solid dimension to characters in what is a character study .
It combines the elements of slapstick with adult drama and good old timeless romance quite well .
But you will enjoy the friction of terror in the older version much more .
Imax lends just the right magic to make car construction entertaining and fascinating .
Street entertainer catching the attention of famous opera star and friendship ensuing .
The acting in this film is very awesome .
The film has plenty of heart and long lost innocence and is absolutlely a must see .
It gives a powerful message of family .
Truly magnificent , outstanding , superlative .
The teacher was arrested for being against the government , and the mum goes to work in a white persons house .
I never really watched this program before although it came highly recommended by members of my family .
I think that it has been very well done and thought through .
So by all means go see this masterpiece you will really like it .
It was a time of magic and madness .
When i saw the movie , i knew it was going to be one of my favorite movies .
Steele makes most any film worth seeing .
The series is very well made , does not show its age , and our kids at various ages really like to watch it .
The iconic nature of the entire series makes it an essential part of television history .
The film is definitely worth seeking out if you are a zombie fan .
Among the very best music films ever made , and almost certainly the most cinematic .
And that is the sweet ai not so sweet without the bitter .
The characters are very realistic most of the times , sappy sometimes , but quite believable .
What the film is about at heart , and he would almost certainly disagree with me on this , is how a regular
It is one of the greatest scenes in film history .
This is a great movie for all ages .
I own it and enjoy it about once a year .
Wells was profound and brought subtext to his tales .
The movie has nice moments and works well as a movie for kids .
I mean the story may not be the best , but the dancing most certainly makes up for it .
We still do not know when we will see each other again , but we will .
This is one of the most visually accomplished and haunting pictures one could ever see .
This is an impressive and gripping drama and well worth seven hours of anybody 's time .
But it is still very nice to watch because of the complete innocent vibe of the show .
The movie captures the way boys interact with one another perfectly .
It s a parrot you can actually make conversation with .
I just chose to watch this movie for what it is , it is a great movie about raw emotion and human interaction .
This was the first one , and it was awesome .
The other cast members do a fine job as well .
This movie takes you on an awesome ride and does not let you go until the very last blow in your face ending .
James gives quite a nice turn as the overbearing mother and the other cast members are wonderful as well .
I thought they all gave a great performance and made their characters realistic .
It is the brilliant lead characters that set this movie apart from other films in this genre .
Recommended as a feel good movie for all ages .
A great children 's story and very likable characters .
All around a very well done movie with fine performances and a great screenplay .
This is a highly effective piece of work .
However this show was believable with likable characters and marvelous story lines .
Now days , most people do not watch classic movies , such as this .
There is not a strong message from this film but it s a good watch .
The film is moody , shot in stark black and white , and makes very good use of locations .
The atmosphere is superb and the colour scheme on display is great too look at .
It is also forgotten again very easily though .
All of the actors in this film , which was inspired by actual events , did a great job .
I can laugh myself to tears in a few choice ones .
This is a very underrated gem for those who watch foreign movies .
That 's a bold move in the film world today , and a rare treat for fans of indy films .
Everything to the amazing effects , to the music , to the sublime acting .
It has some very tough and serious atmosphere about it while the funny elements are present too .
Some of the performances and just amazing .
It is the later outcome to my viewing the entire film from beginning to end .
The story stays intact and still carries the full force of the work .
While watching this one you just get the feeling that you are watching something very rare , and quite special .
What was explored was done well , for the most part .
The writing is hilarious and the characters , while not subtle , are nuanced .
The animation is outstanding , and the story has a touching ending .
The storyline is well written , and it keeps you on the edge of your seat .
Fact is that the man has done a really good job with this movie .
A delightful piece of cinema storytelling in a simple but effective way .
This film makes you believe in love , and true love never dies .
It is an old world tale that is brought to life again with a new world flair .
Askey 's corny humor is not very trendy these days but if you just let it wash over you it can be fun .
But if you want to see a pleasant innocent goodlooking movie with likable characters it s very good .
Simmons is charming and pleasant in a role well suited to her looks , voice and the way she carries herself .
Elliott 's performance is superb as the tormented writer and he also helps to elevate the story .
I have seen it numerous times , and have enjoyed every one of the viewings .
Their verbal battles are the best sequences in the movie .
This film keeps a very fast and exciting pace , it really keeps you on the edge .
It is fitting that the best of this genre should come from this studio .
It 's a genre that has produced very mixed results .
Beyond the story itself , we see characters with their own personality , weaknesses and dreams .
It is one of the most inspiring , uplifting movies ever made .
As like the series before it , it was very well put together , interesting storyline and brilliantly drawn .
It has a simple , lovable quality that leaves you feeling good about life .
Of course , it happens to be haunted as well .
This is quite the gripping , fascinating , tragic story .
Hands down this is the best episode of the season and certainly ranks as one of the top episodes ever .
I can assure you it is an extremely well made movie which you will enjoy .
The message that is sent in this film is very powerful , and carefully preserved .
The take on lawyers is also superb .
I loved how the game was played right to the last second .
Well if you can get by that one tiny miscue , you will find a very well written , and acted out story .
I 've always thought of her as an actor that ' plays herself ' no matter what role she 's in .
This is a very good film , it is very satisfying .
The great country music soundtrack is terrific .
When the anger is released , it 's tactically accurate in its outcome .
It 's intelligent , quirky , neat , wistful , sweet , gently subversive , and utterly enchanting .
I think this show is definitely the greatest show .
But it gives a warm feelings of anything is possible if you set your heart in .
You will enjoy it as much as she does and it will score you big points .
It is a heartbreaking and shattering portrait of too very lonely men who have nothing to lose but each other .
For all the shooting , it can be a very quiet film .
At the same time , this is also a fun movie .
If you want a movie that has perfect casting , this is it .
There is an especially moving scene with her playing their song on the piano that is acted perfectly .
I think in time to come it will be seen in the light it deserves , that is if they ever issue it .
Nevertheless the movie is simply still a very fun one to watch maybe because of that very same simplicity .
For fans of the thriller genre this is a great movie to watch .
But the message and concept this movie carries are absolutely superb .
I 'd certainly love to see both of these two in other movies .
The movie is very realistic and believable .
You will see one that 's really sappy , and you will think you want something more realistic .
The animation is superb , and the creative scenes will have you attached to the screen .
Well , see the movie yourself to see how it 's all resolved .
It 's energetic , with highly developed characters .
Of course , the dancing is wonderful .
The actors do a great performance and the overall visual style of the movie provides a perfect mode of coldness .
As always she delivers an entertaining and convincing performance .
But in my opinion , this movie is already a success for the simple reason that it makes you think ...
Still , that first time around is very , very funny .
Prince is a musical genius and created beautiful music .
If you are expecting to see a great romance , this is not it .
It 's the kind of scene where you laugh through your tears .
Though this movie is cheesiness at its best , it is pulled off perfectly .
Try it you may like it more than you think .
God which amazingly are shunned and neglected in areas where they should matter most , like our churches .
I enjoyed every minute watching this movie , and still watch it on a weekly basis .
Tamako is such a wonderfully delightful character .
In fact , you could watch the film dozens of times and notice different tiny things each time .
An ethereal treasure , highly recommended .
He was a subtle and intelligent actor
Wing is an amazing show from start to finish , every single episode is a joy to watch .
For his first ever debut this film has some riveting and chilling moments .
This show manages to put a smile on my face with it 's great storytelling , witty dialog and great acting .
The fact that it 's not that serious in its plot makes it the more enjoyable .
That said , it delivers laughs as well as a lesson on how people can learn from each other , to great benefit .
Dominic shined in his role that she perfectly crafted .
I do not recall a film wherein the secondary characters are so realistic and colorful .
This is a very funny and unique film , especially for the zombie genre .
I remember laughing and finding it hilarious camp .
It was fun , energetic , quirky and cool .
It captures the mom 's despair and humiliation of these accusations so well , that it brought tears to my eyes .
And the story is just a brilliant mix of tale and realistic drama .
I 'm one of the guys who did not understand the story at all , but this was still a great flick to watch .
When you get that feeling , and the movie indeed fills those expectations the experience is rare .
The action was also very well done and gripping .
It 's the type of movie anyone of any age can watch and enjoy and not once think it 's corny .
It breaks my heart that this movie is not appreciated as it should be .
It will remain on my list of favorite ..... must watch for the holiday season .
This movie is to show what those genius people very often think and what problems they face .
I appreciated this nice stylish picture .
All in all , it 's still an entertaining movie that still manages to recapture some of my childhood memories .
The acting and scenes were captivating , highly emotional .
He understands what to do without having to think about the matter .
It is one of my all time favorites ...... not easy to find but worth the hunt .........
What makes it work as well as it does is , first , the mystery is complicated and clever , but still is logical .
And finding the perfect conclusion is easier said than done .
I think it 's a little bit of both ...
She makes love for the first time and it is an overwhelming experience .
Also , as a romantic comedy , it has one of the most clever ways for two people to find each other .
This movie is my favorite as well as my wife 's .
Everybody should see this movie because it both informs and entertains .
It 's amazing how in times of crisis capital and labor can agree .
The same is also true of the soundtrack .
The same is also true of the soundtrack .
This film is fantastic as it explores storytelling and fantasy in the way a child would , for adults .
If risky , it 's a great display of morals and life lessons recommended for family viewing with young kids .
This moving story is one you will enjoy reliving time and again .
The is placed in beautiful place and it is very exciting movie .
And it 's all worth it , in the end .
It actually has a story , and it is very romantic indeed .
Although , some things do not add up when you compare both series it is still beautifully executed .
The shooting style of the love scene halfway into the film was amazing .
And those kids have to deal with a world of magic .
It had the humour and was extremely enjoyable .
There were several highly unexpected twists , which contributed to the enjoyment .
The acting performances are all excellent .
A suspenseful , sexually charged noir classic that closely follows and does great justice to the original text .
It is uplifting , touching , and romantic without being sappy or sentimental .
The rest of the supporting is excellent as well .
Overall , this is a good film and an excellent adaption .
This film really surprised me as it is a comedy masterpiece .
The direction is flawless , the acting is just superb .
Anyway , the sudden turn at the end brought tears to my eyes .
It brings you back to a time when life was simpler and much more fun .
The most touching scene however , was the young couple at his great grandfather 's house .
I would say , though , if you ever get the chance to definitely go see him live .
Wonderful acting , excellent script , and beautiful locations .
The film is a wonderful satire that pokes fun at industry , unions , the government and people in general .
The story is fun , emotional , and complex .
The futuristic world and humor are great .
This simple plot device works very well and helps greatly with the flow of the story .
I believe that this game will always be a classic .
But more than that , the film covers a tremendous range of human passion and sorrow .
This is true cinema which touches the heart .
So when i was little i got this movie as a present and my sister and i loved it .
My husband enjoyed it and he is not into movies of this type .
I 've seen it six times now , and it entertains and inspires me with every subsequent viewing .
It is so eerie , you feel like you are watching a real life band .
You can sit down with your whole family and everybody will enjoy it .
Apart from that it is truly the best movie of all time .
If you have not seen this movie definitely watch it as soon as you can because it will stay with you forever .
It 's scary , suspenseful and so realistic that you can actually see it happening in real life .
Watch it , you will be very touched .
It 's quite a good little film worth checking out .
The end of the chase is one of the most realistic you will ever see .
Even though it was small , it was cleverly crafted from the very beginning .
The supporting cast does an amazing job helping keep up appearances for the two leads .
The letter scenes are very moving and yet subtle .
Everyone in it played a terrific role .
It is one of those movies that will forever stick out in my mind and will be a favorite .
Fun to watch , must 've been fun to do .
All of the actors are obviously having fun while entertaining us .
This is certainly a movie that we will watch several times .
Soprano is the most provocative , intricate , and fascinating protagonist ever created to this point in history .
I think the entire cast is excellent .
I recommend people to watch this movie because it will be like you are watching a real family .
It also makes you think twice before you make fun of someone that 's for sure .
But some people will not appreciate your passion and will try to stop you .
Every actor and actress did a superb job .
It 's one of my favorite show ever .
It is fun to see how their styles match up against each other .
Very powerful and intense ... the end shooting sequence leaves you speechless because it 's almost too realistic .
Truly amazing film , the concept as a possible prophetic vision of the future is frightening .
Put together in moving pictures it is truly a horror show .
Heroes that 's still on air and is far from being so amazing as the other ones .
This film is about how we all survive in a world gone mad .
So if you to see something good , then see this show , it 's the best .
This was one of his few roles as a good guy and he plays it very well .
On balance it does what it sets out to do , entertain , so good luck to it .
Well it is , and this movie should be seen by movie fans everywhere .
He had a purpose and a dedication that is rare to see .
She was a bright intelligent and according to the history of her early years , a fun loving happy young woman .
Surprisingly , it 's the action that keeps you watching not the acting .
And the humour is very good in the first place .
This has always been one of my favourite movies , and will always be .
The animatronic effects here are really excellent as four birds do a perfectly choreographed dance number .
There is political commentary , however subtle .
It 's so good see a show where all the characters work well together and they treat each other with respect .
The director made a good job as well .
The comedy is most of the times expected but the other times unexpected .
The grasshoppers were also superb and cool in the movie .
Beyond that , however , the story is progressive , and highly entertaining .
The movie is not great , but it has a lot of great elements .
It is such a pity that this excellent film is almost forgotten now .
You can love them or dislike them , and still feel the emotional impact of the movie .
The film is shot using natural light most of the time and is very realistic .
Posey gives an amazing performance as a librarian and a night crawler .
What he finds in the studio are lessons in dancing and , most of all , himself .
This movie is definately one of my favorite movies in it 's kind .
See this movie and experience life as it was for most of our nation 's history .
This makes the film very , very good .
With its festive atmosphere , it 's sure to put you in the spirit of the season .
It was an all around wonderful movie .
There 's this man who 's everywhere around the woman and obviously in love with her , but in his own way .
Yes ... but once you start watching the movie you become so wrapped up in the story that it does not matter .
He did a great job of playing the strong man .
I was especially enjoyed the thrill of the film 's suspense .
And one is specially grateful since good comedies are so rare , and so wonderful .
They are so effortless and simple but still so fascinating .
Dog days is one of most accurate films i 've ever seen describing life in modern cities .
The action in here is awesome , especially in the second half , the drama as also good .
This is a very fine baseball tribute film , and a nice lesson about pursuing your dreams .
Plenty good old fashioned thrills and chills , especially in the first and last vignettes .
Spock must have been out of his vulkin ' mind to leave behind his greatest hope for love and being human .
I think film noir works better with a short running time .
Still , a good little indie horror film that is easily several steps above the average .
Everything will soon come back to him though as he 's begins to find out the truth .
Amusing from start to finish , the story is always fun and always worth watching .
They wake to find themselves still in the house only it is quiet .
Judy 's singing is great , but the film missed a great chance by not showing more of their relationship .
You can post on the board or send me a private email if you want .
The rifle changes hands time after time , as though the owner is fated to lose it through violence .
He is witty , intelligent , and thoughtful in both dialog delivery and content .
But do not let the plot fool you , the film truly is hilarious and the acting is superb .
I enjoyed this movie very much and have truly enjoyed opera ever since .
Each person was very interesting and did a wonderful job with their lines to make the plot come true .
Also , the movie itself are very well told and has a great ambient sound to it .
Boys is one of my favorite feel good movies .
I will happily call you , email me a number if that is the best way to get the needed information .
Everyone delivers , and you will want more when the credits roll .
At times quite excellent , but somewhat lacking overall .
Very moving story and worth a look .
This is a movie you watch when you need food for thought .
It 's one of those fun to watch movies .
The actors are all fantastic , and the celebration at the end of the film is infectious .
That man was amazing , still at his craft almost to the end .
The film looks gorgeous , and is wonderfully performed by all involved .
This is a great adaptation and a great miniseries in its own right .
Thank you for this movie and allowing comments on it .
I think that is what makes this movie so good .
This is a beautifully crafted movie with two of the most talented actors ever .
Good luck , enjoy and never stop living your life .
They are fun , energetic , and very entertaining .
But it can also be touching from time to time .
Even though this movie did not get the best comments , this movie made my day .
Both of them did their job very good .
The characters are very nice but have also some dark sides , what makes you believe that these are real persons .
This movie is amazing for several reasons .
All of these actors perform to the best quality , and all giving an excellent performance in each episode .
All in all , the film is definitely worth a look .
It 's a look at high society from the darker side , and it is utterly fascinating .
The soundtrack is great , with creepy music and some fine alternative tunes .
The love in the film is very intense .
Nevertheless , other than that , it 's a good film with some great performances .
It is exceptional , stylish and aesthetically pleasing , a definite delight to the eye and other senses as well .
Powell shows again that she is the greatest film dancer ever .
He was adorable in the movie and had such an amazing voice .
Amazing effects for a movie of this time .
This is where the pace of the film picks up and the ending is well done .
The story is based on real life characters and events .
This is a young man who is hard to understand on a simple level .
The journey continues and we ca not help to get more and more involved with it .
As well as dealing with the lose of their little sister .
I read the negative comments before viewing this film and undeterred , went ahead and started watching .
But the fact is that you can watch this movie dozens of times with the same pleasure as it was the first time .
The acting is superb , the characters are believably flawed , and the dialogue is sensitive .
It has a great feeling of friendship .
A classic cartoon , always enjoyable and funny .
All in all , this is one of the finest private eye films ever made .
It 's like most thought of a movie but also a little twist which is a very nice touch .
A very entertaining horror film with some very nice touches indeed .
It was just a movie that you can sit down and enjoy for how enjoyable it was .
Enjoyable from start to end it is both sad yet uplifting at the same time .
The world around the characters is wonderfully colourful and no two settings are alike .
People who love cult movies or very dark thrillers will find this fantastic .
Once you get into the characters it will win over most intelligent viewers .
She 's also an incredible pair of legs .
Worth checking out if you like the genre .
The love story , the action , suspense , and the special effects are magnificent done especially for that time .
This is truly one of the most moving movies ever , as well as one of the most dark and disturbing ..
Based at a time when rationing was still in operation , this story is brilliantly told and equally inspiring .
These characters who 's lives are strange and troubled give me something to relate to in my own world .
My favorite scene is with the baby elephant part .
This is a beautiful movie that is wonderfully acted by all players .
The movie is well toned with humor , romance , good acting and also a bit of a lap dance .
Definitely check this one out if you get the chance .
The rest of the cast gives their best , as well .
This is too much for mainstream , despite the fact it is hilarious , and nearly flawless in it 's production .
They also add a subtle humor to the bittersweet story .
The characters develop much more after the episode and become truly enjoyable characters .
My personal favorite episode is in the last season .
The story of how the world can be and its impact on society is very poignant .
It actually takes a lot out of you to watch .
But it 's a lot of fun , and there are some fine performances .
The movie was well made and also about seeing the best in people and reaching your dreams .
Be it for the courage , or be it for the unique sense of humor .
At age fifty eight , though , she is still beautiful and full of life .
And , in this case , it made for a nice story and nice ending .
You have to watch the movie more than once to understand it all .
He brought together two very nice people played by two of the best actors working .
And this movie is truly about finding love and knowing one has found it and that it totally changed one 's life .
But , of course it is a porn and a really good one with nice costumes , fine atmosphere and scenery .
But it does , to fantastic and unforgettable effect .
This show really takes you in and makes you laugh .
It 's hard to say which one is my favorite .
It 's hard to say which one is my favorite .
Brilliant screenplay , with an excellent plot , poisonous quotes , awesome performances and a great directing .
I thought this was a wonderful movie .
She makes you feel like you know her personally as a friend .
You seldom see him in wuxia , more often in classic eastern or crime slapstick .
The blending of animation types is unique , the storyline is amazing , and the music is wonderful .
A terrific and very underrated actress .
Based on a true story , this series is a gem within its kind .
I really enjoyed the actors and their characters .
The acting is excellent and the script is quite well written .
This is a better than average silent movie and it 's still well worth seeing if you are a fan of the silents .
I labeled this crime movie a film noir because it 's gritty and the all the characters are no good .
Some connections are established surprisingly late in the movie and that adds to the experience .
I think that if the mysteries are revealed from now all the charm of the series will be gone .
The horses are awesome , well trained and the movie is well done .
Overall , it is a good family movie .
All right there are other good ones too , but this one is my favorite .
He was and is the greatest of all times .
This movie has ensemble cast with today 's hottest stars .
The music heard here is deliciously wonderful .
But a great series that made its mark and has done so ever since when thankfully repeated .
Damn good job , and well worth the money .
By today 's standards , this is more fun .
It 's rare that a film entertains the kids for so long , and offers laughs for the adults , too .
Weird characters in a delightful comedy about friendship and heroism .
Definitely a movie for having a few friends over for a good laugh .
I loved this film , you just do not get to see gem 's like this every day .
To see this film is to find a real treasure and delight in it .
He 's shown in a recording studio once late in his life .
Though the linking device itself is not all that great , the episodes are all equally compelling and enjoyable .
Sick , disgusting fun best enjoyed with a crowd of friends and plenty of beer .
I have the shows which are available for purchase and enjoy this show over and over again .
Not a laugh riot , but a more subtle , sophisticated humor .
It maybe grim intense and downbeat but it is definitely worth seeing .
Sit back , relax and enjoy truly good film making .....
This is an action movie with a touching beautiful story .
Although there 's plenty of action , some of it pretty bloody , the story is character driven .
But there 's plenty of slapstick as well .
It does not matter how many times you watch an episode , you can find something you missed the first five times .
This is an awesome movie and if you love surfing then you should really see this movie .
This movie always leaves me in tears .
Her family and community have mixed emotions in dealing with her shocking return .
A truly inspired and accurate outlook on this baffeling case , tears are brought to the eyes .
Most of the actors played it out really well ..
The movie is smart , funny , and well written , with dialogue that is simple but effective .
Heroism at its finest and the cost of freedom .
This is because this film is terrific entertainment and has a bit of everything in it .
This is definitely a comedy foremost , but it does have a lot of good feel to it .
The movie has a great written genre story .
Watch for the scene where they try to hang the brothers , its funniest scene in the film .
Intelligent , sinister and beautifully shot , this deserves recognition beyond its current status .
It was always fun and always funny .
It is intense and exciting , as well as funny and sad .
This makes him the most animated and pleasing character to watch .
The acting is just brilliant and you get the feel for the people in the movie .
When you hear so many good things , it 's sometimes hard not get caught up with it .
It 's a great film , and the best gag is the very last line .
It is the most amazing love story ever attempted .
As the first one there are rather little music in the action scenes and it works very well .
The black and white photography is perfectly appropriate and the story hooks the viewer right from the beginning .
And the fighting is the best i 've seen in a while .
This is one of those movies who 's heart is in the right place and you can watch again and again .
The elements are simple yet fascinating .
It 's mostly a very entertaining movie to watch but not without still being a real western as well .
Take this movie for what it is and enjoy it .
Toker 's search for the baby 's parents takes him on a journey that will have a profound impact on his life .
As a thriller it 's tense and quite often believable .
He sent shivers up my spine and caused me to take a closer look at street people .
Though they certainly got most of the film quite right .
Put it all together and you end up with good entertainment .
It was easy to understand how this special received awards .
This is an excellent , heartbreaking movie .
If you love music , and were ever in a band , this movie is definitely for you .
I really appreciated the fact that the guy at the heart of the story had lost the use of his legs in an accident .
There is an exceptional cast present , who all give stellar performances , which brings the film to life .
The end is quite chilling and that is also another reason to watch the movie .
It will make you laugh and it will make you cry .
The movie was very sad and touching as well .
However , he managed to get an amazing ensemble cast to portray the characters of his story .
This film is an entertaining , fun and quality film .
The amazing visuals , elegiac and somber with a raw naturalist edge , help seal the deal .
No , it is not a great movie , but it is one that makes for an edge of the seat action flick with a message .
Overall i thought this film was fantastic .
This is a wonderfully written and well acted psychological drama .
The story is very layered and offers quite a lot to think about .
This is the perfect film for anybody to watch with their children .
Very tight western with few main characters and still absorbing .
However , despite this , this is still a very enjoyable film .
But this film is full of wonderful surprises and performances .
The effects are done well for the time , the acting is great , and the finish is particularly strong .
Twists way to much , but still works and is worth watching .
If you can enjoy a good action movie , a good drama , a good comedy , see this film .
The contrast between the two leads is highly effective .
It s one of those films that makes you talk about it after you see it .
The dancing is perfect , and so are the special effects .
Best to just sit back and enjoy the ride on this one .
This is a must see for independant movie fans , but it also holds up well against mainstream movies .
But actually , the most amazing thing about this movie is the animation .
It 's worth a look , as it 's far more creative than most of the shows this season .
Although this is a good old fashioned thriller , that 's the beauty of it .
The performances were smashing , the soundtrack was great , and the casting was perfect .
A solid comedy with a warm heart , and all the better that it was totally unexpected .
Prince is in all a musical genius and he has proved it on many occasions .
It truly is one of the greatest movies of all time .
The film is also very powerful in its bleak and very possible view of the future .
The characters are all real people , with real foibles , fears and needs .
But it is a lovable and hilarious comedy , with good music .
The characters are masterfully performed , and the story is incredible .
As so many others have written , this is a wonderful documentary .
Meanwhile , do not lose the chance to see this movie , highly recommended .
Overall , this film to me is a unique and amazing one , which keeps you riveted and amused .
Certainly a classic in its own right , flaws and all , and deservedly so .
Nevertheless , the series manages to pick itself up after a few episodes and is outstanding by the final episode .
The argument of both are splendid and the actors are perfect .
I thought both pieces very well observed .
The show is very intriguing and they have wonderful storylines and their stunts are amazing .
Not an epic , but it is a very nice movie to watch with loved ones .
To top it off the setting is beautiful and the cinematography excellent .
His acting is so great , he gets into the character so well .
Creep is an absolutely fantastic film with amazing film effects .
The acting is brilliant all around .
There is lots of action in the ladies bathroom and references as to private parts of guys .
For people interested in business and the corporate world , this show is simply the best of the best .
More information available at www.kennyhotz.com
He delivered his lines with a real wit about him and made a great dad .
If you like excellent , slightly deranged , suspenseful thrillers , this is the one to see .
Truly addictive and an absolute pleasure .
The movie is very well directed , it has a nice score and all of the actors are good .
This is one of my favorite films of all time .
This is one of my favorite films of all time .
This is one of my favorite films of all time .
In real life , he may very well have done so .
The acting is not always top notch , but the thrills are good and the story 's good .
Domino was very , very entertaining and often very funny .
This is undoubtedly one of the funniest movies ever made .
I have it on tape and it is continually appreciated .
This is a very entertaining film and the acting was outstanding .
It 's weird and it 's worth your time .
And second , this is a family baseball movie , which is always exciting .
I also think it is perhaps the scariest , the most gothic and complete film around .
Not a classic film , but a very fine and watchable movie to enjoy as great entertainment .
As always in life , the truth is not so easy to find .
I always like to see new shows do well considering a lot of shows go off before you really get a feel for them .
It 's an absolutely hilarious film with a great cast .
You can tell she liked her role , and that makes her stand out .
So the film is definitely worth watching .
That guy 's right eye has more character than most actors today .
May we not lose ourselves and those who matter while we try to find out .
The characters , even though not simple , are easy to relate to and actors do a fine job at impersonating them .
The ending is a bit abrupt , but much of the slapstick leading up to it is terrific .
Also shows you the life itself , hard like it is .
And some of the funniest songs you will ever hear , and it 's full of great celebrities .
This movie deserves a higher rating and a thousand comments from people all over the world .
Undying really manages to pull you in the game and be part of the universe that your character is in .
Very entertaining , and a great cast as noted .
Its cast clicks immediately with frame one and takes us on a wonderful ride through spoofing gangster films .
Along with friends of his grandfather , he embarks on an amazing adventure of his own .
Coonskin is an entertaining animated film that 's worth checking out , if you can find it .
I was very pleasantly surprised by this heartwarming and magical gem .
Jack is later shot and framed for the murder of the man he suspected of killing his father .
If you stop the movie and look at the background you will be surprised how many details you can find .
Well in this film she looks perfect .
As much as anything else , it is this gritty realism that makes this film so amazing .
He was an excellent film actor as he shows us in this movie .
Each time was more hilarious than the last .
I remember this very well from my childhood , it was funny and sad and very beautiful .
Definitely sticks with you for a long time and gives you a lot to think about .
It touches everyone who sees it in an extraordinary way .
A perfect piece of art , surprising depth of humanity .
The circus bugs are colorful and they are superb in the movie .
But , that 's what you find out when you see this movie .
Made men is well worth checking out .
This is definitely a movie about survival , but not without it 's touching moments .
I thought this movie was very touching and beautiful and well told , and defiantly one of my favourites .
You will definitely have a smile on your face most of the time .
I would definitely tell my friends and family to see this film .
This is a truly classic movie in its story , acting , and film presentation .
This is an easy movie to watch again and again and enjoy .
Each scene richer and more wonderful than the last .
I 'd say it does a great job of that .
Everything works out in the end , as it inevitably does in films of this genre .
You keep going back , even though you know the end will be madness , and death .
This movie is also packed with some highly quotable lines that can be recited for years to come .
This film is a joy , it is majestic , it is unique .
The soundtrack is also really good .
If you want a great viewing experience , then this is an example that well and truly shines ...
He makes several mistakes that affected the lives of many of his loved ones .
It is truly a deeply moving and effecting film if you give it a chance .
This movie is also recommended for people looking for a nice little adventure with a very nice happy ending .
This show is a great history story .
The overall effect is a harsh and gritty urban world filled with small surprises .
You will simply love this movie and will place it among your favorites to watch during the holiday season .
Needs to seen more than once to appreciate all the elements that carry one scene to the next .
In other words , her beauty shows inside and out .
Europa is a great film , a masterpiece .
The acting in this movie was superb .
It 's subtle , restrained , powerful and sad , often all at the same time .
Still , it 's a very satisfying movie to watch .
I want to thank all of you who saw this movie and enjoyed it .
Do watch this film , it s a great version of the book and very moving indeed .
What a chilling and tremendous film .
Her portrayal of the title character is truly haunting and memorable .
Which in a lot of ways are still relevant to today .
Although , it 's very hard to find today .
This film , while probably not the best of all her films , was the most entertaining .
The game itself is also packed with loads of secrets that you have to uncover using special vision .
I love everything about it and it is a true hidden gem .
The cinematography is good , the acting superb and the story absolutely breathtaking .
This movie has an excellent story which , deeply , has many layers .
This movie did a fantastic job of that .
By all means watch this gem from the distant past and enjoy .
Winfield shows a very sympathetic and heart warming portrayal of a man lost by his memories .
Still , it 's easy to forgive all of these faults when you have a film which is this much fun .
Excellent political thriller , played much quieter and slower than other , higher ranking films in this genre .
It 's so nice to occasionally see films that are perfect tens .
This may come as a surprise to most of you .
Taking on such a sensitive issue makes this episode all the more stunning .
So you see it will be an entertainment to all ages .
The story is so refreshing and interesting .
Give this film your full attention and its message will truly inspire .
I really hope to see a lot more from this wonderful guy .
The most moving and truly eye opening documentary ever created .
It 's an excellent movie with very unexpected story , very good dialogs and crazy humor .
The special effects were wonderful , that had plenty of magic , and the story is original enough .
It is a truly touching movie that is sad yet beautiful at the same time .
Great fun for kids and adults alike .
This film is wonderfully atmospheric .
The tempo is very quiet ...... so you have to relax ....... breathe in ... breathe out before you see it ......
Paxton is at his best in this role .
This is what makes this film noir as women often got different roles in this type of film .
His brilliant productions of the nineties had impressed critics and audiences with their unique style and dialog .
These actors are well aided as well by a superb little script with some cracking lines .
The film is moved along brilliantly by intense images that deeply move the sensitive viewer .
His performance is probably the best in history .
Of course , not every comedy is perfect .
Now people may disagree with me , as he did some fine job in for example
Fallon delivers his lines with subtle perfection .
A must see movie for all the people who believe in true love .
The relationship with the little brother is so close to real life .
This is a sweet and funny movie about the unexpected .
Definitely recommended for a good old family movie night .
So , up until the last few minutes of the movie , it 's a superb film and worth watching .
I highly recommend it to people of all ages and especially to animal lovers .
Overall , this is a good family movie for all ages .
Though she can not see , she is able to find what is out of sight than the normal people around her .
Yet , it still stands up as one of the great films of all time .
There were excellent shows , and the program always appeared to be well produced .
Chavez is not perfect , far from it .
I liked the film because it told and showed me how strong love can be .
It has a timeless value , you can get so much out of it it 's amazing .
I think this movie had to be fun to make it , for us it was fun to watch it .
It 's best to go to your dentist before you watch this .
Overall , this is a terrific little film , and much more fun to watch than you might imagine .
Some truly classic lines , and a fun twist at the end .
His direction is as great as it ever was , with the camera moving brilliantly and the editing perfect .
Makes you think about what is life about really .
This is one of my favorite pictures .
And , if you hang with it , the film is ultimately very sweet and uplifting .
Saw this film when it was released and can still remember parts of it .
There are many other subtle themes .
This may not be the best picture of the year , but it 's a gem that has been very well polished .
Eyre is now my favorite film and book .
And the show is also about friendship .
This was a great film and i hope to see more like it in the near future .
This film is for people who appreciate well crafted film making .
All the above being said , the movie is still pretty darned great and lots of fun to watch .
Halloween of course shows this in it 's most terrifying way .
This is an all around great movie that is destined to be a classic .
The music used is pretty tense and creates the perfect atmosphere for the executions .
A fine film in its own right and quite possible one of the best martial arts movies ever made .
This is a wonderful film for children as well as adults .
The characters are so well drawn out by the end of the show that you end up loving each and every one of them .
The film is sheer genius and will always hold a very special place in my heart .
This is one of my favorite movies of all time .
But if you can see beyond this , you will find a heartfelt trip to another world .
Both sisters are quite different from each other .
What follows is a wonderful comedy , played with consummate skill by a small ensemble cast .
Do not let them stop you from seeing the wonderfully done film .
The parrot is definitely the star of the film .
Overall the look and feel of the film was stunning , a real emotional journey .
Along the way , we also learn things about ourselves and our lives .
This film takes you to another time when there was a different pace to everyday life .
The acting is superb and the location makes the movie seem like you are there .
Something different from the usual movies and great fun .
And believe me , you definitely will .
I was immediately hooked on this gorgeous new world .
A simply stunning performance from all of the case and it 's filmed so beautifully .
I do not think it was the best movie ever made but it sure was fun .
Although it is ancient now it was amazing when it came out .
It is a classic for all children , especially those adults who are young at heart .
I think it 's definitely worth watching .
It 's slick , but fresh , and the soundtrack is a beauty .
I highly recommend this one , especially for those who have an interest in acting , as a must see .
I think you will be pleasantly surprised with how wrong everyone has been about it .
But still all around a great high paced action movie .
Mol does a superb job of portraying the scandalous
While the movie does feel a bit long at times , it is well worth it .
It 's great to see good movies on indian themes .
It 's almost hard to watch but you will be glad that you did .
It has well trained animals that are put through various stunts and scenes that look excellent on camera .
I dare to say that this movie is well underrated .
Both the transitory and the timeless are necessary for us to understand our world and our place within it .
However , with that being said you will definitely finish this game within a day .
After a while she definitely grew on me and became a likable character .
The soundtrack , which is almost another character in the plot is wonderful .
This film is impossible to find , so if you can find the film , best luck to you and enjoy .
It 's the story of a father and son , and how they come to appreciate each other during a family crisis .
It makes you laugh and it is not just humor .
This is definitely one of the high points in cinema history .
The performances are a treat and the film works perfectly .
Trying to find it today is hard enough . . . but believe me it is well worth it no matter what the age .
The characters were still as great as ever but the show was different in nature .
But it 's a great story and worth watching .
Highly recommended for anyone who likes silly humor .
And also transition parts are really excellent .
The action is fantastic , the story is tense and entertaining , and the set design is truely memorable .
I was enchanted by the story and characters , but most of all by the haunting and beautiful music .
Even the minor characters like the waiter in the cafe and the policeman in the street are perfect .
Worth a viewing if you like the genre .
It is beautiful , that 's the best way to explain it .
The overall effect is highly erotic and mesmerizing .
And it is done in a truly beautiful way .
The subtle things in this film are the ones that make me laugh .
It 's fun entertaining and challenging .
It 's quite effective , and works well .
Definitely perfect for an evening alone or with the kids .
It 's lovely , warm , sentimental , very very romantic .
Great part of the success of the movie goes to the ensemble cast that was put together .
It also helps the movie that it has such a fine cast .
It 's an enjoyable romantic comedy .
This is a tragic love story and a refreshing entry into the genre .
I highly recommend this film to anyone .
All parts equal , necessary and perfect .
The story about the power of love is pretty touching and warm .
It is not easy to find , but is definitely worth hunting for .
It is not easy to find , but is definitely worth hunting for .
What a fantastic show , cast and characters .
It is rare that you find a comedy with levels , and this is a bloody good example of such .
The characters are superbly developed and the cast makes the most of them .
It dares to be compelling , where many family movies tend to play it safe and conventional .
Its stunningly beautiful and best described as art come to life .
Weird but also very amazing and watchable .
The movie is not perfect despite the terrific performances of it 's lead cast .
This movie is so sweet , funny , touching , sad , and more .
It had the best cast of mature , talented actors and an amazing chemistry .
Sure she 's a female boxer , but rather it 's the more sensitive moments that really makes her shine .
Rather it is about your relationships with family and friends and the experiences you share together .
It became my favorite short film and made me appreciate the format so much .
I love this show as it action packed with adventure , love and intrigue .
Now my kids watch the show and they love to watch it as well .
He 's in most of the scenes , in fact , which may have caused him to lose his edge .
So sit back , enjoy the ride , and perhaps everyone can find something to enjoy about this film .
This is truly one of most favorite horror films of all time .
This is one of the unusual cases in which a movie and the novel on which it is based are both great .
I highly recommend it to everyone , both for its cinematic value and its subject matter .
I highly recommend this to any one looking for that special film that shows the humanity in the human condition .
But ultimately it is a very beautiful and deeply moving film .
The film is filled with great character actors and delightfully sweet and daffy performances .
An enjoyable game , which offers fun and easy game play and fair replay ability .
If you want to see a great movie , this is it .
But the fantastic world that came of his imagination will continue to amaze readers again and again .
If you love jazz music , it is a must see .
It has cool training sequences and martial arts skills that are so awesome they enter the realm of fantasy .
It 's an excellent soundtrack and really gives this movie a different feel than most gialli .
Overall , it was worth the rental and it was good , relaxed fun .
This movie is very entertaining though .
The way the personalities of the characters is chosen is truly fantastic .
The story is intelligent , the story makes you think ... and is pure beautiful .
Panned by critics at the time but loved by the fans , this film has now become a classic .
It keeps you guessing about his grasp on his sanity and how it will affect those around him .
Kolchak 's dialog has an unusually sharp and cynical edge .
It always manages to entertain me , while being effectively creepy as well .
You will never know until you see it for yourself .
This vision of the future is both terrifying and whimsical .
Highly recommended for all audiences .
Still , it is an enjoyable movie , especially for those viewers who enjoy stargazing .
If you liked those , you will like this .
Of course it is cheesy at times , but very touching as well .
It reminded me of exploring my own future and discovering the happiness in my daily life .
It has comedy , drama , the soundtrack is great .
There is not much more to say about this movie it is excellent .
Sweet innocent tales of young romance between a young girl or guy was viewed differently than it is today .
This is pitch perfect ensemble acting .
I 't s so brilliant and a very cool production .
Her character is very sweet and lovable and you easily get attached to her .
They have a great website which is worth checking out .
A beautiful and touching movie that deserves a wider viewing than it is likely to get .
It may contradict the first movie but you must ignore the first movie to watch this one .
Everyone here is excellent and right on target .
This film is outstanding and wonderfully scored .
The suspense builds throughout and the twist ending is excellent .
You can see his humor in all his movies .
The lead characters are not perfect , and so relating to them as people you could know is easy .
And what men want is her ... well , you know .
It 's very entertaining and provoking .
Delightful film directed by some of the best directors in the industry today .
Gino is the perfect ticket into that world .
You just have to be in the right mind to appreciate his crazy genius .
In addition to the envelope pushing taboo nature , it is a superb and exciting adventure story .
Horror should be believable , and that is what makes the film enjoyable .
This movie is heartwarming and makes you leave the cinema with both a smile on your lips and tears in your eyes .
It 's funny as we see the men compare their strength and the music fits right in with it perfectly .
In fact everyone in the cast does a good job .
It was my favorite scene in the movie , actually .
He really showed a nice , subtle depth that touched me .
And especially this movie does the job pretty well .
So to make the world right again see this and recommend it .
This is definitely a film worth searching for .
This is a beautiful yet simple story , more of a fable , which is played very well .
All in all , there 's little not to like about this film ... very well worth the time to watch it .
I love all the characters in this film as well .
They are very cunning , ruthless , and greedy , as well as highly unfair .
The characters , though still new , seem to be well rounded and not always what you would expect .
I just think he is so amazing and neat looking as well .
It does not matter what type of music you like , this one will definitely grow on you .
The performances are great and the short is thought provoking .
With a great cast and crew , the principle man creates a brazenly amazing film .
I think it is an entertaining story worth seeing .
If you want spooky atmosphere along with great writing , then check these out as well .
This movie has to be my favorite of all time .
That is , if you do good , you will get good .
The climactic scene is beautifully magnificent , and the last lines fit perfectly .
All of the actors turn in great voice work , and the animation , both the motion and detail , is superb .
This is a really nice and sweet movie that the entire family can enjoy .
Spanky is at his very cutest and funniest , and the babies that he get 's left to babysit are also hilarious .
The film 's cast is uniformly excellent .
The imagination of a child is fascinating , and that 's where a great story begins .
Every aspect of this movie is filled with wit and humour and love and depth .
The special effects are surprisingly good for this film .
Seems sweet , honest , nice ... just like she is in real life .
Well it was a nice surprise after all .
Yes the language is harsh at times , but it suits the characters well .
It is real life , and it was a beautiful thing to see .
That quest makes for a great story , which in turn , makes for a great film .
It was delightful and a little bit of a ' romp ' .
Many references are made to the cost of things , and those comparisons to today 's costs are pretty amazing .
The soundtrack rocks , the outfits are out of this world , the script is funny and the actors do a great job .
The characters are wonderfully interesting to watch .
It 's a thoroughly enjoyable ensemble play and the climactic revelation is worth a chuckle .
This is a remarkably underrated film , and well worth keeping an eye out for .
All in all , a very good film worth seeing , but certainly not great .
It 's still my favorite episode , although the series did live up to it .
Welles ' is as fascinating as always .
You will probably be back many more times to watch your favorites .
The movie is truly poignant , unique and uplifting .
Highly recommended to fans of comedy , and to fans of beautiful women .
A unique film ... one of the best of all time .
I totally loved this series , and to this day , it remains my favorite anime .
Everyone plays their part pretty well in this little nice movie .
The words let me dance for you never sounded more honest and more beautifully put in music and lyrics .
Yet , overall , this film is incredible .
Paulie is a wonderful film filled with touching moments .
Not that all performances are excellent , though .
It 's also got a sweet side , with unexpected turns of genuine pathos .
I 've seen it dozens of times and it always makes me laugh .
This movie has a little bit of drama , but the rest is just clean fun and very entertaining .
Not a great movie , but an enjoyable one .
The two of them work wonderfully together .
I really thought that this movie was superb .
I think the movie is great and people watch it must give their respects to the director and story told inside .
Now it is one of my all time favorites .
Well made , occasionally enjoyable , but difficult to watch .
You are never certain of what will happen next and that helps the movie .
In my opinion though , the best , most extreme pieces of art come from way underground .
Great work by all the cast the crew and everybody .
Stanwyck is tremendous and the look and music in the film are perfect .
Randy is in my top ten all time favorites list .
Together they are perfect and there is a real bond developed between them .
It 's fun , and when it stays serious it 's a very accurate representation of the pulps .
The overall humor is really great in this movie .
It was way before my time but it was awesome to see what these guys went through ..
This movie is as raw and real as you can get .
Excellent film dealing with the life of an old man as he looks back over the years .
Although this is not one of their best , it is an excellent musical .
First and foremost , it is a good story .
Characters she played in these movies , though both being negative , are quite different .
One of the things that adds to the scare factor is the amazing music .
Do not know that it will be a cult classic , but it was certainly a fun ride .
This one 's a keeper , and comes highly recommended .
They should definitely lighten up , for this film is fresh and fun .
But it 's so creative and fun to watch .
He , too does an excellent job in this movie .
The atmosphere is a fine mix of comic and eerie .
The film is solidly enjoyable and throughly absorbing .
I would have to say that this movie caught the best of a working man who learns from his mistakes .
I hope someday it will be released onto video for a new generation to enjoy .
This is just a great , fun , lovely film .
This is a very entertaining film with lots of comedy and plenty of laughs .
And music , as a key element of film language , helps a great deal too .
A ton of my favorite actors in one movie equals amazing with out actually seeing it .
This movie is a must for all people that enjoy soccer as an art .
But once he does find something , the movie picks up and become quite enjoyable .
Me is one of the most underrated pictures of this year .
This film is a perfect example of this very thought .
It is elegant , subtle , beautiful , and tragic all rolled into two hours .
What makes it special is the stunts , the fighting , the good acting , the warm sense of humor .
Once you have seen this film , like me you may want to see it again .
He provided the movie with style and some truly great and memorable sequences .
Excellent acting and great locations .
The final battle scene still to this day gives me chills and the ending always leaves me in tears .
I think this movie is well done and realistic .
An amazing inspiring movie along with loads of entertainment .
It seems that a great aunt of hers has died and that she needs to be present for the reading of the will .
I am glad a more mainstream audience now have the chance to see this classic animated film in all it 's glory .
It 's a nice watch , but not a classic .
The supporting cast , in short , is excellent .
It s an amazing piece of film making that is probably unique in film history .
It is on my list of favorite movies along with some of the classics .
But if you are an insomniac like me , you will understand the world , the mysteries and the fear .
I recommended it for a pleasant time of entertaining .
We missed a couple of episodes , and it made you sad and mad for a week missing those ones lol .
Also the music was awesome , and the acting was great .
That s my favorite scene of the film .
Sure , it is mild now , but back in the day , it was awesome .
She does not love him , but he is sweet and good man .
Very well made with a unique story .
Fine soundtrack , and good performances all around .
Also , the movie does a great job portraying professional baseball at both the major and minor league levels .
It 's a good show for people of all ages and is also a good family show .
The film , and the work , is beautiful , inspiring , and thought provoking .
A great cult classic and a truly incredible time capsule .
Truly a delight from start to finish , this is a silent that is definitely worth your while .
Both characters were unique but still very human and normal enough to relate to .
This movie draws you in and gets you hooked on keeping your eyes on the screen .
What is amazing is how he manages to control all the extras .
And , not surprisingly , she tells him , once again , to get lost .
This is very nearly a perfect film .
I was highly impressed with the films careful mix of light headed humor with some pretty tough and heavy issues .
I think you will be pleasantly surprised .
I have always enjoyed old movies and was very happy to discover that this was also a very good one .
Yet all this style is met by truly touching themes of love , honour and respect for family .
She does a good job with the role and the music .
Just wonderfully awkward , beautiful kind characters who are flawed and graceful all at once .
Damn straight ..... this show was kick ass back in the day and still continues to outshine cartoons today .
This is a good family show with a great cast of actors .
He was adorable , and is sure to bring tears to the viewer 's eyes .
There 's something kind of simple and sweet about it .
But it 's the atmosphere that keeps you watching and that will drag you into it .
It 's good family entertainment and at the same time makes you think very hard about the issues involved .
Well filmed , well edited , with plenty of well acted secondary roles .
It is an intelligent story , and it 's very well told .
You can see a bit of what is yet to come .
The ending is delightful and with some surprise to it .
The movie also made me mad in areas , especially when you find out what ultimately happened .
She also has one of the funniest lines in the film .
Every time you see it is so suspenseful .
So the film is well worth watching for its great moments .
The acting is superb , the plot serves the purpose , and the opening sequence is fantastic .
I think the first hour are the best , it 's so beautiful .
It adds to the humor as well as warmth of this movie .
He learns to speak later in the film , it is very good for a guy like him .
If you watch it while in a good mood and accept it as good , dumb fun you will have a good time .
And that can truly be refreshing to watch , if you are prepared and willing that is .
It 's a refreshing change from the other kinds of things shown late at night , if you catch my drift .
This is a very funny movie , easy to watch , that entertains you almost all the time .
Anyway , this is a good film as well as a good example of film noir .
This a very impressive and beautifully illustrated film that should definitely not be missed .
The humour in this is also of the best .
So the season finale was good , but sent mixed feelings .
This movie is one of the most fun movies ever made .
Other than that , the movie was quite touching and certainly held my attention .
From the beginning right up to the end , this movie is the type that makes you lose your attention .
Those firemen in this documentary showed courage , confusion , and strength , the real raw human emotions .
For me , this makes watching movies , all the more fun and dangerous .
This is perfect break for him , even so much as to make fun of the bond icon .
The more you watch of it the more you become part of it .
And you will never see a more beautiful sunrise .
Once in the life is a very good movie .
I thought the movie was great and that everyone in it did a remarkable job .
It 's even more fun to watch the movie the second time , once you know all the tricks .
Special effects are also at a minimum but come on people , the story is a lot of fun and the humor is just right .
Do not let anybody tell you what the short is about , since you will be able to enjoy it a lot more .
In fact , all of the cast members did a superb job .
Apart from this , the film is superb .
Everyone and everything is once again just so enjoyable .
A very good film well worth watching .
I hope it will be released soon so everyone can see it .
This movie is definitely not recommended for everyone .
This movie makes you cry and makes you laugh .
This vivid tale with immense doses of imagination will like to fantasy fans and cinema classic buffs
This one is an excellent addition to that genre .
If you get the chance , you should definitely see this film .
Great raw moments in this one with noir realism throughout .
The story itself is believable , suspenseful , and well thought out .
This film is not the easiest one to understand or explain but that makes it all so fascinating .
It is exciting without gore , it is beautifully filmed and the art direction is flawless .
Still , it s a great film for the television .
The dialog , the characters and the story was perfect .
A love that is wonderfully portrayed and totally believable .
The whole cast , in fact , is superb .
He takes things for granted and it comes around full swing in this great movie with a superb twist .
It is utterly of its time and works beautifully .
So overall , it 's worth seeing but not especially great .
It is still worth going out of your way a little to get and watch this movie .
It 's funny , and the animation is excellent .
Still , it 's nice to look at for what it is .
Highly recommended for a good mood .
Sit back , relax , and be carried away into the simple and beautiful life .
I can not more highly recommend this thought provoking piece .
Sterling is in it and is very good .
This deeply moving and most ' human ' feature is a must see for all ' true children ' on earth .
Took my two daughters to see this and they loved it , my oldest cried at the end .
Not a great film but certainly an enjoyable one .
Time well spent and a fun watch for all .
This show is amazing , and i hope it never dies .
This could be the most underrated movie of its genre .
And the music in the movie is great .
I do not know , this is kind of a tough one to get through but it has it s moments and is definitely weird .
The look and feel of the film is perfect .
I recently saw this film and enjoyed it very much .
This movie is brilliant in every way .
I found it very entertaining and worth my while to watch .
A wonderful film , filled with great understated performance and sharp , intelligent dialogue .
They 've made a magnificent , touching movie , a candy for eye and heart .
That being said , the film is also excellent .
This film is powerful , moving , emotional and thought provoking .
This movie definitely kept my interest , with one great , suspenseful , action packed , scene after another .
The spirit of fun this film has is truly infectious .
As soon as that snowman starts moving around and killing people , though , you will find it hard not to laugh .
One of the finest musicals made , one that is timeless and is worth seeing time and again .
It will make you laugh , it will make you cry , and it will put you into suspense .
The performances by the actors are pretty good and the soundtrack of the movie is absolutely brilliant .
Reeve is , surprisingly , very good .
Every character is touching , and interpretation is close to perfection .
The film offers excellent acting all around .
All the actors are very good and even the smallest roles are played wonderfully .
This is a totally delightful and unexpected film .
It is captivating , and filled with laughter and tears .
If you really love music this is definitely the movie to watch .
This movie was wonderfully written .
This is the best and most original show seen in years .
I hope people will get something wonderful from this .
I thought she did a great job in this .
Ultimately , both are thoroughly enjoyable films in their own right .
Other than that this movie is wonderful .
The photography in this film was excellent .
Her character is very sweet but far from perfect , making her all the more likable .
He 'd rather have only the images and the wonderful soundtrack .
This show has a good sense of humour and it 's fun to see a good show like this .
It also is very touching in spots , with a nice spot of kindness .
It has a fun fantasy aspect of some time travel .
What great music on the soundtrack .
A superb ensemble cast , tight editing and wonderful direction .
It makes for a memorable , and haunting , film .
The fact is , though , that while most all people will get it , it does not mean they will all appreciate it .
But they still kept on surfing and enjoyed themselves .
Certainly the interaction is amazing in its power to influence the viewer .
He did a great job of having me on the edge of my seat .
All and all , a great story , good effects , great dialog and a great cast .
The story is definitely something you have not seen before which is good .
This movie surprisingly had a lot of good twists and turns .
This is a wonderful film about being honest and true to family friends and to be willing to make sacrifices .
Just read the persons who loved it , and you will know why you want to watch it .
She is also a coming of age and into her sexuality , and the freedom of that .
It is as simple a story for a movie as it can get .
Email me for a chance to see it ..... its fabulous to see it again .
Now i have to see her other works because she looks like an angel and got a perfect acting .
This movie is a perfect portrayal of
And even this is not as impressive when you see it several times .
Everything is so well done and beautifully hand drawn , it 's like a moving piece of art .
If you do not like it ... well , now you know .
This movie is great to make fun of .
It is rare you get to see such a high quality short .
It 's beautifully shot and directed , and the casting is excellent .
Be prepared to have your heart warmed by this sweet , innocent and charming love story .
The story does a spectacular job in dealing with bullying , friendship , and fairness .
Walsh is perfect in his last performance .
He learns a lot through his journey and meets up with a lot of other beautiful birds .
The movie creates an amazing visual and a wonderful feeling .
Put those three together on an adventure and it makes for a happy and fun filled time .
I think this movie shows all of that very well .
As a comedy , it does it s job perfectly .
Except for the interesting content and quite vivid action , the movie is filled with truly stunning visuals .
This is a wonderful movie , especially if you are into love stories .
The first in the series is also the most raw .
It has a lot of depth to it , in my opinion , and gives you plenty of things to question while watching it .
This film is easily in my top ten favorites of all time .
Boothe , as always , is solid and flawless .
I also fun that it was cool to have most of the cast from the original to return .
I like him in most of his movies but in this one he was incredible .
The thing you seem to be missing is that it 's still entertaining and really very fun .
Well this is his best yet , was not expecting this to be that good .
It 's wonderful and really heartfelt and real .
I thought it was fabulous , excellent and impressive .
It is rare that one comes across a movie as flawless as this .
But as favorite quote of mine from the movie is , you should have made them smart as well as fast .
The characters and actors are likable , realistic and present fine performances .
It contains a message on drugs , stunning special effects , and an awesome music video .
And he realizes that ... well , watch the movie and you will see .
This movie can be appreciated by people of all ages .
It 's just so wonderful and fun to view .
Overall this movie was excellent for its time and will be interesting for many more generations to come .
The characters are excellent drawn .
Great cast and an overall great movie .
However , it is pleasant film and is enjoyable viewing .
Again very innocent and natural acting and these both actors perfectly fit into their characters .
The movement of the camera is superb , as well as the actors .
The story is based on true events and that helps the movie .
His tough yet mostly quiet features are perfect for his role .
I ca not wait to see it again and highly recommend it .
Simple , yet deep , you will want to watch it again and again .
I liked the dramatic opening scene and enjoyed how the rest of the movie played out .
Surprisingly they still want to get married in the end of the movie .
Personally , this film is a new favorite .
Yes , it is highly stylized , flashy and over the top , but it is very entertaining .
It gives plenty of time and space to get to know the different characters and to grow somewhat attached to them .
This film is the best fantasy movie in years .
Not the best film ever put to screen , but enjoyable .
It is a story that shows real world success through hard work and determination .
This film is a spectacular , exciting , visually exciting action picture with plenty of dark humour as well .
There are a number of themes that these movies share , along with others in the genre .
This is one of my favorite family movies .
The rest of the cast is wonderful as well .
First season was excellent , and had a good plot .
During the movie we see special effects not only amazing for those days standards , but also impressive today .
First of all , the acting is excellent , especially the leads .
Things come and go , and you do the best you can .
This all makes for a great film story , but it worries me that people see the portrayal as ' accurate ' .
This scene is two excellent actors at their best interacting and expressing with each other .
This movie tells an amazing story with history and compassion .
It still stands as a better film than most of today 's slasher flicks .
Joan put forth a great , and often hilarious , performance .
It 's touching and well written and well directed .
The acting was superb , especially from the two young boys .
As is usual today , the themes are very mature .
Poetic , moving , and most surprisingly , funny , in it 's own strange way .
And along the way , you will laugh .
Overall , this is an excellent drama which is moving and shocking .
His understated delivery is refreshing in a time of over the top performances .
This is some great fun for the whole family .
Cassandra , if you read this , know that you are the best and my heart will be with you .
A great story , based on a true story about a young black man and all the difficulties along the road .
This was one of her best roles and she ran away with it .
They were on top of their game and the writers did a wonderful job in this department .
This is a masterpiece and i recommend that you see this .
This is a wonderful movie in a lot of ways .
And that is what makes watching him so fun .
I still have the tape and enjoy watching it again from time to time .
If you liked the other two movies in the trilogy you will love this one also .
The parts themselves are often very good and the action sequences are great .
However , this movie is touching and it always makes me cry .
As in the book , the very last part is the most exciting one , and it has real history too there .
I also enjoyed the plucky young female reporter , who is kind of a stereotype , but still fun to watch .
Still , the movie works as a light romantic fantasy .
I highly recommend catching this film .
Welles genius makes this one of the greatest of movies .
It is a very understated movie that you really have to watch close to appreciate it .
Sit back , relax , and love it for what it is .
Enjoy if for what it is people , a well above average action film .
This is an excellent film , with an extraordinary cast and acting .
I loved this movie and will watch it again .
He 's truly chilling and acting superbly .
This movie had a wonderful cast and crew .
This is a must see movie , it 's a family and romantic movie .
It has a brilliant cast , and an equally brilliant director .
The animation is brilliant and the character voices are perfect .
I think she is more than just a couple of nice tits and great ass .
This film was very well written , very well put together , and very well shot .
This is easily one of my favorite 's .
It deserves to be much better known and appreciated than it is .
Many games existed at the time and even more do today , but every so often you get a real grabber .
The result is an excellent film that is both hilarious and tragic at the same time .
If you liked the first film in the series , this is definitely a sequel to see .
The story is well written and it 's very intelligent .
Therefore , the film is fun and entertaining .
It has humor , it has intrigue , and it has pathos , and it all works together .
This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting .
Compared with the others this one covers a lot of themes and gives you a lot of good laughs .
It 's a perfect movie for anyone who wants a quiet night with a powerful and somewhat emotional movie .
It 's always surprising , and despite it 's length , the film never reveals more than it needs to .
The most moving film of all time , do not listen to people , see for yourself then you will understand .
This is a really terrific , gritty noir with some good performances .
And this one is indeed a rare find .
The film is very entertaining , and certainly worth watching .
There is also humour , sometimes quite subtle , at appropriate points .
It contains some really excellent humour which the whole family can enjoy .
Truly , an amazing , astonishing , exhilarating and magnificent documentary film .
This is now a personal favorite film of mine .
I highly recommend this documentary .
The atmosphere was perfect in all respects .
The atmosphere that makes you scared .
It is refreshing , therefore , to see this film .
Solid performances from all makes this film with a message easy viewing .
She is a superb actress and a pleasure to watch as each transformation of her character comes to life .
For what it was meant to be , this film is excellent .
It is very clean you can see it with family .
It was lighthearted , delightful , and very colorful .
This film , marvelously written and directed , is a gem that shines perfectly , with beautiful acting by all .
All at once , it is beautiful and innocent .
You should see this movie by yourself and comment it , because this is one of my most favorite movie .
Moonstruck is an excellent movie for everyone to see and laugh .
This movie is really his movie and he makes it all work and so much fun to watch .
The story is simple , and the theme of old and new clashing is wonderfully introduced in the first scenes .
This movie is the best according today 's need .
I thought that this film was very enjoyable .
I 'd recommend this film to children and parents alike , who love magic and fairytales .
It 's great to be able to see favourite characters come to life so authentically .
Excellent casting and excellent acting .
And to anyone who has not seen this movie and has the chance to it is well worth it .
It brought me back to the best time of my life .
This is one of his very best and most effective films .
What a wonderful , wonderful story .
Not like today when the more skin is greeted with delight .
Exquisite direction and flawless acting make this a very entertaining and often moving film .
Japanese people are very sensitive and kind and it 's all very well brought onto the screen here .
The movie is really superb , especially for us danes .
This is one of those rare movies , it 's lovely and compelling , dignified and quirky , a true gift .
She was also friendly and easy going which made her enjoyable to watch .
It has a great , spooky story line and the graphics are also very good .
In fact , all of the acting in this film is excellent .
All well and good , and sure , not all perfectly done .
Fortunately , it is quite refreshing .
But he develops well into a more mature , well rounded character as he learns to live by his own free will .
This movie was excellent , a bit scary , but excellent at that .
The love story was a part that i really enjoyed in the movie also .
It is amazing how it is so accurate in its description .
It 's the kind of film that touches the heart and makes one appreciate those who are closest to them .
As it is , it still demands attention as a sweet moving small film .
I think that it is a very neat film with great song play and good imagination .
The music in wonderful and memorable .
The perfect time to watch , actually , since it works in dream logic .
This movie was almost perfect , and seeing as nothing in this world can be truly perfect , that is pretty good .
It 's too incredible not to get a perfect ten .
Each season is completely brilliant in its own way .
This movie was really great for my sensitive little girl who likes humor and happy endings .
There is not much of a conversation in the movie which makes it enjoyable to your eyes .
However , this was a moving and enjoyable film but certainly not a great one .
I must say that the ending is so sweet and sad , but you will have to watch it to find out how it goes .
The acting is also great and i love the cast .
Charlie is a lonely depressed man , who hides his true feelings from people who cares for him .
A touching and beautiful movie the whole family can enjoy .
Weir thriller is truly one of the most haunting and fascinating movies ever seen .
The score is so moving , it brought me to tears .
The information included also makes the episodes memorable and entertaining .
Great family entertainment and we need more films like this today .
Dog is a powerful and unforgettable film , highly recommended if you can stomach it .
You will laugh out loud at the antics and enjoy the great soundtrack .
The dancing in each video is breathtaking , the music fantastic to listen to and the dialogue entertaining .
Filled with nice romance and wonderful song and dance , this is a very good musical film .
The movie is not great thing but it 's very fun and the action scenes are very well done .
It s still as powerful now as it was when initially released .
Well , for germany , this film shows you .
She makes you believe that she is capable of what she does , and makes you understand it , as well .
Definitely a movie you can watch more than a few times .
It 's unique and an overall great movie .
It is not his best work but it is a very enjoyable and light hearted romp .
Not unique in anyway , but somewhat rare .
The acting is above average for these kinds of films and the music is eerie .
His performance in this movie may well be his best ever .
Scarface is definitely one of the most entertaining and one of the best gangster movies to ever come out .
And that 's perhaps the most chilling thought of all .
This is a wonderful action packed western with great values .
The actors themselves are fantastic , displaying wonderful character and doing a terrific job .
This film is truly unique , and a work of genius .
The story and the characters are wonderfully developed .
This is some of the best acting you will ever see .
It will increase your testimony of this most incredible man .
This is a fantastic series first and foremost .
We see a world of beauty and grace , full of stately homes and elegant costumes and fine manners .
He is sent from the future to get some information about it .
Each of his scores has it 's own personas which fits the particular film perfectly .
The actors , in my opinion , did an excellent job .
This is the most perfect adaptation of the best romance novel ever .
Guys , you got to watch this awesome movie .
This is a fine drama and a nice change of pace from today 's more hectic and loud films .
It has a great cast who each give great performances .
Not a perfect movie , but fun in the best matinée style .
I see this as being very realistic and being so real , makes the movie that much more moving .
For the most part , his roles have been good guys that we cheer for .
I enjoyed the acting and it moved along well .
The cast makes the movie great to watch .
Well , it 's not pretty and for the most part hilarious .
The movie , more than the book , made me come close to tears on several occasions .
The cast is excellent , take a second on this film 's home page to check it out .
It is an excellent film , in its own right , and one of the best portraits of a midlife crisis ever put to film .
And she gives a great performance , as always .
This anime was underrated and still is .
A simple story is always effective when done well .
What makes this film so good is the touching of the human element .
Enjoyable and entertaining film to view .
This movie is definitely worth the watch .
Other than that , the movie is good fun .
I thought this film was superb from start to finish and the story was extremely well told .
However , it is overall amazing how realistic this film is .
The excellent soundtrack compliments the film well .
You folks know who you are and it 's perfectly fine , but then you know that too .
There are plenty of good twists throughout as well , it will keep you guessing until the end .
This scene is perfect in it 's simplicity .
In fact , the movie is done very well in many respects and is very entertaining .
Not to say that it 's a brilliant film by any means , but it 's definitely worth a watch .
I could and enjoyed the film quite a bit .
I think the characters are picture perfect and believable .
This is non stop and will truly leave you on the edge of your seat for most of the way .
Overall , for fans of old horror films , this is excellent and worth seeing .
Highly recommended for all film lovers .
I actually enjoyed this quite a bit .
Great movie and you will probably really enjoy it .
The cast is excellent , the writing is great .
The superb premise of this story is made manifest by an equally superb cast of excellent actors .
It 's amazing how a film from the early eighties can still stand the test of time with it 's graphics .
I laughed in parts , cried in some and thoroughly enjoyed watching this movie .
The film beautifully depicts his journey and the lives he touches along the way .
His quiet and straightforward demeanor was rare then and would be today .
I would definitely see it again , and hope that he continues his film career .
Good story and excellent animation .
This is now one of my favorite movies .
It is a great movie , with some wonderful performances , and the music will blow you away .
I always thought she was great and always will .
I highly recommend that you watch an episode of this show .
Great for the time and brilliant and creative ideas .
It s a fun clean family game with action and its great for any spiderman fan .
It 's fascinating as film noir with capable performances from a strong supporting cast .
I highly recommend it and would encourage people to tell a friend if you have seen it and enjoyed the film .
This has to be one of the most beautiful , moving , thought provoking films around .
It 's a really good film without nudity , violence , or profanity , that which is rare in today 's films .
These actors are amazing and really show the true glow and meaning of what message is being sent to all of us .
This is a gem to be enjoyed by all .
Lovely family film to enjoy with your parents , siblings , friends and love ones .
Kudos to all the cast and crew for a well done comedy that is going to be a must to see in the years to come .
It is almost twenty years later and it is still the funniest damn thing on video .
Though some of the episodes in this new series are fantastic and worth watching .
The plot is one of the best things about the movie and it is very simple .
Such great family entertainment is so rare these days .
I would highly recommend it to anyone who like quirky humor .
This was a bittersweet story , but the joy of youth made it very enjoyable .
This is my favorite part of the game .
That her performance stands out in the excellent cast is praise indeed .
That said it is an amazing film that is impossible to watch without tears in my eyes .
Election has a great ensemble cast with well thought out performances that are both subtle and impacting .
It s amazing how though this movie may be set in a certain decade , how it can affect those today .
This is an amazing film to watch or show young people .
The film also has some amazing costumes .
Some very nice things in this film and well worth your attention when it 's on cable .
Delightful , in its own quiet way , but do not expect comic fireworks .
I sent off for my copy as soon as able and received it a few weeks later .
Jack nicholson is a superb actor and this is one of the greatest performances in cinema .
The action is also very enjoyable with some very suspenseful moments .
This is a captivating movie featuring both tense action and a beautiful love tale .
I enjoyed this movie as a kid when it came out , and to this day still do .
I 've always enjoyed films that depict life as it is .
Everyone enjoyed the film and it actually inspired wonderful discussions .
She 's a great actress and the movie was excellent .
It should not be a surprise though , as he does an amazing job .
It is real to life situation done perfectly .
Excellent job all around , actors and director .
It was a fast paced , highly enjoyable movie .
It 's fun to see well known actors in almost every episode of the series .
It is definitely very much a masterpiece in it 's own way .
An excellent cast give some great performances to bring these characters to life .
Highly inspiring movie , which lifts up your spirit sky high .
The music is brilliant , and the emotions feel real .
I really liked this movie , and went back to see it two times more within a week .
It is a movie to return to , time and time again , and remember what is important in life , as short as it is .
Overall , a good movie , fun to watch .
The fantasy sequences tend to be the best of the film .
While far from a perfect silent , it 's well worth seeing and packs a nice punch .
He does an above average job with an amazing story .
It was really refreshing to see a movie that showed traditional family cinema .
The movie was in most cases surprisingly good with the great actor and actress performances .
I enjoy all the versions of this story but this one is my all time favorite .
As you can see this is one of my favorite if not favorite films .
What a brilliant film , it deserves to be up there with all the great biker films .
Surprisingly well done for an independent film ,
The best thing about this movie is that it is fun .
Movies so sensitive to beauty that you cry for weeks afterward .
For the duration of the movie you believe in the world you see , so everyone did a great job .
It stands out as an enjoyable classic .
It has all the little things i like in a movie , it 's very touching makes me cry .
Everyone should know what an excellent movie this is .
You enjoy it while you watch it , and you take it home with you .
It is my favorite film of the last two years .
The cast list is incredible , their performance top notch .
The entire film is very well shot and the cast is very enjoyable .
This is also a good family movie for the most part .
There are definitely some lulls , but , overall , highly entertaining .
Yes , it can be very corny but it is also very funny and enjoyable .
It is my favorite movie of all time .
It is a simple movie told very well .
Great tale , and great fun throughout .
Anyway , it s a fun presentation of the greatest and most important story of all .
If you 're a true lover of film , it 's amazing to see ...
A sweet story that people of all ages will enjoy .
This is a highly entertaining flick .
It 's funny , it 's charming , it will make you cry a little , and it will warm your heart .
It is quite a thoughtful film and also entertaining to watch .
I think this show is really good and fun to watch .
The acting is top notch , and the actors were perfect for their role .
I grew up watching this show and still watch it today .
Allen 's humor fits perfect for this story and role .
The remainder of the first season is excellent .
She has an amazing knack for accents , and she shows incredible skill in this film overall .
Steve did a wonderful job of portraying the person that he did in this movie and yet , it is still funny .
Roy is beautifully filmed , wonderfully acted , and perfectly paced .
He makes and excellent romantic lead .
Which is so rare for a first time director , especially with a romantic comedy .
The music in this episode is very good as well , as it is in many of other ones .
Every once in a while the conversation will turn to favorite movies .
His routine is hilarious and makes for great conversation with others who have seen it .
Still , the film is incredibly absorbing and the cinematography is beyond amazing .
This is definitely one of the best kung fu movies ever , and may be one of the best movies ever ...
Anyway , this film really struck me as one of the more raw , realistic , beautiful friendship films .
The camera is moving and twisted all the time and it adds to the fairy tale atmosphere this film has .
This one kept me hooked until the very end , and this one also gets you truly hooked to the movie .
The journey is filled with many great obstacles to overcome and is great fun to watch .
The movie is exquisitely written and understated , with superb performances from all involved .
It has something for everyone with a heart and leaves you filled with joy in the end .
However , this movie is still excellent .
The acting is amazing , as that of the first .
I 've watched this film a number of times on tv , and each time found it most enjoyable .
It will be and always will be the best show ever .
It 's definitely something that most people will not get , as is the nature of absurdism .
It 's definitely something that most people will not get , as is the nature of absurdism .
Everything about it is quite excellent .
It is really well done and very entertaining .
Overall , a great addition that was very refreshing .
The atmosphere was what caught my attention first and foremost .
So yes , it is still a satire , and also a wonderful spoof .
The ending always has me in tears even today .
I think this is a great show with good actors for the most part .
It was a profound film both entertaining and with a message presented by an all star cast .
A very refreshing story , the life of a parrot with an intellect higher than an average human 's .
Bill is an excellent actor and would love to see him in more films .
This is a show that requires a bit of thought from its audience and that is always a good thing .
I 've always liked this movie and it has to be one of the greatest adventure movies of all time .
The performances are phenomenal and the story manages to be both tragic and funny in a way that is all too rare .
It is a simple film but it is indeed a great film .
She was truly amazing in this movie .
I have watched it many times and recommend it highly .
This movie is my definite favorite of all times .
The cast is excellent and the plot is sometimes absolutely hilarious .
Highly recommended if you are fan of this type of movie .
Like most great noirs , it is also wonderfully paced , sucking the viewer in right from the start .
The music definitely helps lend a sense of personality to the film as well as a lot of beauty .
This is a wonderful film for everyone , of all ages .
Every flaw in the movie is easily overcome by the many amazing things the movie has going for it .
This is definitely a must see for people of all ages .
You will get this once you see the movie .
This movie will be a favorite of mine .
It goes along with the movie wonderfully .
Overall , it 's a wonderful family movie .
From the beginning to the end it delivers the whole emotional scale from laughter to tears in perfect balance .
A great journey for those who get the chance to see this absolute masterpiece .
This movie 's story is compelling and the fact that it is authentic just makes it all the more chilling .
If you watch it with your friends it can be a very nice day ...
It also has a very good story with a nice tragic romance edge to it .
The best way to enjoy the movie is to sit back and relax , and let all these small time crooks do their thing .
It is a look into everyday life , very well and beautifully done .
I highly recommend you not watch it alone .
Find out when you watch this sweet , heart warming movie .
Highly recommended for teens and adults .
However , the excellent story makes up for it .
The actors and actresses played the parts wonderfully and the way it ended was so brilliant and cunning .
See this movie if you have not for it is definitely touching .
I thoroughly enjoyed this film for its humor and pathos .
I really enjoyed the film , and had me hooked from start to finish .
The actors all did a wonderful job , the story was well written .
Great soundtrack keeps the film moving .
I enjoyed this film for what it was , an entertaining film .
Still , in a way , it is a classic .
To truly appreciate it in this day and age , it must be viewed as it once was , as something unique .
It 's fantastic , and worth seeking out .
Wonderfully drawn characters bring to life a story that is at once deeply funny and poignantly moving .
I love it and hope you make up your own mind about it not influenced by others negative and one note comments .
This enjoyable minor noir boasts a top cast , and many memorable scenes .
All together it 's a great drama and a flawless series .
I highly recommend this film for all ages .
The story is about having success in life and the way it changes you .
The sensitive ones will cry and laugh equally .
This was a superb episode , one of the best of both seasons .
I am so glad that i got a chance to see this rare little gem of a movie .
The story works wonderful , the atmosphere really works and the actors do a first rate job .
It was brilliant , lovely , fresh , made me want to see it again .
It is a rare experience that you must see for yourself .
I saw it again today and it still had a big impact on me .
I liked it the first time but really appreciated it on the second viewing , just a few weeks ago .
This is when life was good and simple .
The actors did a great job of acting , and the movie was very well played and done .
Kelly is as always captivating , his eyes full of fun and excitement .
It 's probably what makes the movie as enjoyable as it is .
Saw this film yesterday for the first time and thoroughly enjoyed it .
This movie is great fun to watch if you love films of the organized crime variety .
Definitely give it a chance if you appreciate great dialog .
Watch , laugh , and enjoy this as their last great performance .
You have wonderful animation and at first what seems like a perfect story .
It was great to be reminded that it was just as crazy for me back in my day as it is for teens today .
It was his last film and his performance was amazing .
It is definitely worth a look and surprisingly well acted when taking into consideration the genre and era .
I think the measure of a good film is how many times you can watch it and still genuinely enjoy it .
It still works well , and it shows how a good actress can make a part her own .
She finds and makes friends with a girl about her age and is able to help the girl 's family in many ways .
But the other actors played their parts wonderfully also .
The movie , thanks to the music married to the powerful images , at times reached incredible peaks of emotion .
All in all , a light , simple comedy , quite short , and quite enjoyable
The film features many sinister and eccentric characters , and the cast is superb .
Both his and my favourite scene is the one in which the world comes alive to ' who will buy ' .
The plot is fantastic , the acting superb and the direction is flawless .
All in all , it 's a very enjoyable game .
Most of the scenes with them are still enjoyable , though .
All in all , a brilliant film , and a brilliant story
This is now one of my favorite comedy shows .
With great acting , great music , and thoroughly stunning scenes , it s a must watch in my book .
The humor is subtle but really good .
I found the movie and the performances fun and enjoyable .
I highly recommend this movie for everyone .
This movie is underrated and overlooked but will be noticed for years to come .
Yes it has tons of plot holes , however it 's highly highly entertaining , with a great ending as well .
This is definitely one of my favorite films of all time .
Great to see some of my favorite actors ,
This movie is what you want to watch for a fun and exciting time .
It is now one of my favorite movies of all time .
It was funny , warm , poignant , and moving , as well as entertaining .
A very strong and satisfying little number that 's well worth checking out .
This movie is still an all time favorite .
This is an excellent movie with a stellar cast and some great acting .
Now it 's time for ultimate survival and true friendship .
It 's still a bit weird but its funny nevertheless , so it works for the movie .
This is a very good and a classic film .
Age is not as good as the top animated movies of all time , it 's a really fun film .
What 's amazing about his role is that it 's a character it 's hard to say we 've seen before .
What makes the film work is the superb acting by the cast .
Trust me in that it will be well worth the time .
It is also probably the best film you will see in the cinema this year .
She is good in a number of other shorts , but here she is absolutely brilliant .
All in all it s a great show but not perfect .
I thought it was brilliant and also very cleverly written and performed .
The cast is enjoyable and the story 's twists are still engrossing .
What is also refreshing about this film the good nature of its main character .
This masterful play is masterfully adapted for the screen and brought to life by a wonderful cast .
But it 's a great story and the cast was perfect and made this into just a really funny movie .
This documentary captures the pain , beauty , joy and sadness of growing up .
Anyway the story line was although simple , but still very real and touching .
When you watch it you will be blown away by the amazing special effects and epic feel of this movie .
He has a rare gift of pulling you into the movie and holding you there .
The atmosphere is awesome and the story original and entertaining .
Well this movie is pretty good and great to rent when you want to see a good classic .
The style of art is beautiful , the sound is perfect , and the symbolism within it is breathtaking .
But most of us are not so and watch the shows to relax and enjoy .
It has very real portrayals of the characters within it and most of the actors do an amazing job .
If you see the trailer for this film you may not think too highly of it .
Gameplay was excellent , and if you 're a fan of the bond games or films alike , you will enjoy it .
Buy it , you will laugh every time you see it .
This movie was great , and it will always be remembered in history as a classic .
I thought it was a great film and have seen it a few times now .
It was a very sensitive issue and movie was superb .
This is quite an amazing film to watch .
They often take jabs at each other several times an episode , which adds a great deal of humor to the show .
It rates high for atmosphere and for suspense , and it is highly entertaining .
It 's a true gem and from this moment one of my favorite movies of all times .
All in all , a very enjoyable film for those who enjoy independent films .
Well , mine loved it more than the first .
It was entertaining and fun to watch especially as a child .
The music , as always , is brilliant and captures the mood perfectly in every instance .
I love it a lot and it 's one of my favorite films .
What an awesome movie and incredible young man .
Alexander delightful and wonderfully light on his feet .
I think it is a very funny movie and excellent entertainment .
Stewart is a special favorite of mine .
It was really fun and i thought the actors was brilliant .
I watch all kinds of movies all the time with my friends and i can say that this is one of the best i ever seen .
Highly recommended whether you want a classic and influential work of cinema or just a fun comedy .
The character design is also wonderfully unique , though not often to everyone 's taste .
Do not wait for it to be a classic , watch it now and enjoy it .
In my opinion it is a great movie and my favorite .
Northam is superb and the subtlety in his performance is excellent .
Surprisingly good for a first film , and worth the time in any standard .
As a history of space flight , it is still used today in classrooms that can get one of the rare prints of it .
It 's the feel good movie of the year and it is the perfect movie for all ages .
The cast it must be said are all superb and are perfectly cast in their respective roles .
The music is fun and the animation is wonderful .
The makers have chosen the best people for the job , and set the scene wonderfully .
It 's quite amazing , and very funny .
I enjoyed the film as it is thought provoking and somewhat erotic at the same time .
Along with the haunting music and the well written plot , the film is a prime example of film noir at its best .
This film is highly interesting and entertaining .
It 's easy to see that he is enjoying himself , and that makes us enjoy him all the more .
I think the humor in the first half or so is perfect for this movie .
Loved the film and it brought tears to my eyes
It is a true classic that can be appreciated at any age .
But the movie is still goes at a good pace , making it a perfect family film .
This is one of the most perfect films ever made .
I enjoy most of his work , and this was my favorite .
It 's an underrated movie , but a classic by its own right .
However this program is very very good and is a must see , but be warned it is highly addictive .
This is of course not one of the most intelligent movies ever , but in its genre it 's an enjoyable one .
The actors are flawless and the directing is superb .
The acting is superb and the directing is flawless .
It has entertaining visual effects and the music is perfect .
It is beautiful and the acting is brilliant .
The message of the movie is superb .
Court to die but it was still one of the most amazing movies i have ever seen .
It 's one of those rare movies where the humor hits you unexpectedly , even though you know it 's a comedy .
For the rest of you it 's highly recommended .
Stanwyck is , as always , absolutely amazing and wonderful .
It is tense , tight and even most of the performances are very well done .
It really works well and adds to the feelings we get from the viewing .
An excellent cast of actor 's helps make this movie very entertaining .
But of course you will have that when you own a film so charming , so brilliant .
This is a very enjoyable film with excellent actors and actresses evoking a range of emotions .
Paperhouse is perfect in every exquisite detail and will always have a special place in my heart .
An absolute must see , those who do not are missing out on a truly amazing and brilliant film .
Deliverance is a very entertaining ride and packed full of action .
It is very touching at times and is very well done in all respects .
It 's nice to see a film with real people with honest feelings .
If you want a safe , fun and underrated movie , this is a good one .
This movie was highly entertaining .
The acting is all amazing from all of the leads and even the small parts , excellent cast .
She finds it very twisted and has enjoyed the episodes she has seen .
It 's not a perfect film , but it definitely is it 's own thing .
The plot was wonderful and unique as well with an excellent moral to the story .
A must see for all fans of great noir film .
It was full of great singing and acting and characters that kept it moving at a very nice pace .
This is a very enjoyable family film .
This is a perfect series for family viewing .
It takes some time getting there , but it 's a fun ride with one of the best music scores on record .
His humour is innocent and childish which makes it sweet to watch .
An excellent family movie ... gives a lot to think on ...
The film has some wonderful visuals and amazing fights .
This movie is funny , charming and therefore highly enjoyable .
This movie is highly underrated and contains many messages of real life .
I have played this game plenty of times and it s good every time .
It 's not often that you get a chance to see an intelligent film dealing with mature themes .
Was very surprised to find a really sweet and fun story .
This is a must see for everyone who enjoy 's good story telling , brilliant acting , and incredible direction .
It is an amazing story , with amazing actors and creators .
The film is based on a true story which makes it so touching .
This is a perfect mix of romance and horror and it 's surprisingly gory at times .
It has humor and magic and beautiful , surreal scenes and visuals .
When you 're done watching , you will appreciate the things you have a lot more and you will also be smiling .
Still , the soundtrack was good and well adapted .
This movie stays to it 's wonderful action and great story .
Amazing show with all the best actors .
It 's a great western with excellent acting and a great story .
This is a movie with heart and excellent acting by all .
All in all a highly recommended film .
It all wonderfully helped me keep the right pace .
It was amazing , and truly worth watching .
Now as for the rest of the film , it 's all a lot of fun and is entertaining .
Most highly recommended , particularly if you are a romantic at heart .
Overall this is a stunning and almost flawless watch .
Highly recommended to those who has not seen one in a while .
Anyway , see it and laugh , this will be a classic of humor for many years to come .
I will just say that both movies are superb examples of the genre , and well worth your time and money .
It 's fun , it 's different and it takes you to places you would not expect and that 's very refreshing .
I was blown away , but you will come out smiling having enjoyed a good film .
This is an excellent film that will not disappoint you .
Just relax and let him take you on a ride through his world , you will love it .
It s nice but not all that excellent .
He truly carries the movie with his good and fun role .
It was well done with the perfect setting and a great acting job done by all the characters .
This is a highly important and well made film .
This was a highly entertaining film .
And that 's what makes it fun to watch .
Great performances and a beautiful cinematography , and the message it gives us still stands today .
The cast is good , while not excellent .
But it 's highly recommended viewing when it does show up .
The story is very sensitive and touching .
This was a favorite of mine as well as my family 's .
His humor is also hilarious , and is definitely not something you 'd hear before .
It captures the atmosphere of the time and place perfectly .
Brilliant , sweet , funny and full of heart .
The performances are excellent throughout , and the movie was very well cast .
Good job all around , glad to see it hit .
The cast is terrific and do a great job in portraying their characters .
And once you 've seen it more than once you get it and appreciate it .
It 's a well made short film , well edited and the actors all do a great job .
This movie for what it is , may be one of the most amazing indie films of recent day .
I found it a highly enjoyable look at history .
It was not my favorite of the shorts , but it was the most unique , and the most iconic .
The photography is excellent as well .
I hope that it leaves in the soundtrack , it is excellent .
The first part is perfect as it is , in my opinion .
The script is perfect , the acting is amazing , the history and attention to detail is out of this world .
It 's the funniest things that you will see .
It is amazing to see those young actors who still look about the same after so many years .
Very entertaining and definitely recommended .
Carrey , the movie is quite amusing , and there are definitely some highly entertaining moments in it .
If you do , you will both see and experience perhaps one of the best film mysteries ever .
For all my complaints though , this is still a very fun movie that gets the job done .
So glad that you all enjoyed the film .
This was an excellent show to watch with a great cast .
But this is most definitely the best .
This is an excellent documentary , packed with racing action beautiful pictures and a great story .
It has excellent actors to go with a excellent story .
I saw this film a while back and it 's still at the top of my ' favorite movies ' list .
A delightful surprise , and recommended for all fans of the genre .
It 's an excellent story and the actors in the movie are some of the best .
I was very surprised to see a very fun , smart entertaining movie with solid performances throughout .
This film has good characters with excellent performances from the cast .
The plot is pretty simple , but the humor and well developed characters keep it moving at a nice pace .
The actors are incredible and the documentary style is superb .
It is a real treat to see such a thought provoking yet thoroughly enjoyable , entertaining film .
The acting from the excellent ensemble cast is incredible .
This is an enjoyable movie and worth of your time to watch it .
Loved it and well done and thanks for the ride .
Above all , it is an amazing true love story .
It has great action sequence 's , edge of your seat fun and a great time at the movies .
It definitely was not perfect though .
But it is always wonderful to see it played out in a movie and have one 's heart warmed .
A must see film with great dialogues , great music , great acting and a superb atmosphere .
In my opinion this movie is highly underrated by the critics .
I have always enjoyed the intense action and the excellent acting which do not always go together .
The impressions are excellent , the skits are great , and the timing is perfect .
All these makes it a moving and fun film to watch .
I have seen this film on countless occasions , and thoroughly enjoyed it each time .
The best part of this movie is that it is subtle .
Lost is simply unbelievable , amazing , highly entertaining , top notch , t.v at it 's best .
You will laugh , you will cry , these wonderful people will be a part of your family .
This movie is a great family movie because it can be appreciated and loved by children as well as adults .
It is good to see a warm , touching story of real love in these cynical times .
Watch it as it is and you will enjoy it .
Anyway , highly recommended , hope you enjoy .
It 's very different and unique and is very enjoyable .
It 's only the first of the lot , and it 's excellent .
It is sweet , funny , entertaining , fun , enjoyable , clever , good natured and a good time .
Like all shows , though , it is not perfect .
While his part is quite small , he makes a great job with it .
This film is brilliantly done , with an excellent cast that works well as an ensemble .
Highly enjoyable anime classic , but not without flaws .
If you like well written and suspenseful thrillers in general , this comes highly recommended .
The dialogue is wonderfully witty and refreshing and the atmosphere enchanting .
Surprisingly well written and well thought out .
This is a good family film which is rare in this day in time .
All in all , an excellent and very moving film .
The story is very well crafted and almost brilliant .
It is a perfect movie with wonderful dancing .
Everything was just so perfect and excellent about this film .
I think it 's thought out well and it 's entertaining to watch .
And the final of the film is definitely something for all to see and watch out for , it 's stunning .
It 's great and the acting is brilliant .
Outstanding and highly recommended .
Sure it 's not a classic like his earlier films but it 's still enjoyable .
This is an excellent movie , with a great story and great acting .
I thought the cast and crew did an excellent job .
This movie is not great , but it is a good and enjoyable one .
It nevertheless is a fun and simple story that also simply makes this an entertaining movies to watch .
This film is very highly recommended .
In my honest opinion it was a wonderful family drama that is so rare these days .
Excellent viewing and recommended to all .
What 's amazing , however , is that the movie is still a sweet love story .
It 's just a simple story that is made into an excellent and terrifying atmosphere .
I think it still holds up very well today .
This is a refreshing , enjoyable movie .
This is a very chilling , and for the most part , a well thought out drama .
It 's good fun for horror fans and has an excellent cast .
Of course not perfect , but very enjoyable and funny .
Still , it is a wonderfully fun , highly entertaining murder mystery in the same comic vein .
The movie is very fun and funny and it has superb moments .
It makes this movie a delightful little comedy to watch , that is perfectly entertaining .
Also shows perfect is after all not so perfect .
His work is always excellent , touching but never over the top .
A delightful and entertaining film with some of my very favorite stars .
Highly recommended if a fun movie is what you need .
Also highly entertaining and exciting .
The music is perfect and is one of the most haunting scores ...
Excellent film all in all and a fantastic ending to an amazing trilogy .
Thank you for a great film with excellent actors and an excellent story .
One of the years most enjoyable and best films .
While it 's also far from subtle , it is fun throughout , though and well worth a look .
I appreciated the beautiful score , which moves quite wonderfully along with the dramatic movement of the story .
And you see , that 's what was perfect about this film .
The music is wonderful , the animals spectacular , the scenes truly thought out , and the characters perfect .
I have truly enjoyed watching it and highly recommend it .
And for that , it is great fun to watch .
I thought it was a wonderful film with some truly amazing shots and an incredible story .
But still this movie is highly entertaining .
It is wonderfully entertaining and leaves you feeling that all is right with the world .
The film is perfectly made , with the atmosphere of the times wonderfully given .
All in all a great film and highly recommended .
Excellent film , highly recommended for all viewers .
I highly enjoyed this movie , but before you watch it make sure you 're in for a good laugh .
This movie is definitely some of the finest entertainment available and it is highly authentic .
The music is perfect and the acting is amazing .
Overall that is what makes this an excellent fun film to watch .
It is the most wonderful film you will ever see , so go and see it .
He was excellent the most enjoyable part of the film .
Of course , the animation is also superb and the music captures the feelings in the film perfectly .
It 's nice to see them out and about , still having fun with one of the great pieces of entertainment history .
